repo https://github.com/CBIIT/bento-model
commit 594f745
node	property	value_or_TYPE
aliquot	aliquot_concentration	NUMBER (milligram per milliliter)
aliquot	aliquot_id	STRING
aliquot	aliquot_is_ref	STRING
aliquot	aliquot_quantity	NUMBER (microgram)
aliquot	aliquot_volume	NUMBER (milliliter)
aliquot	no_matched_normal_low_pass_wgs	BOOLEAN
aliquot	no_matched_normal_targeted_sequencing	BOOLEAN
aliquot	no_matched_normal_wgs	BOOLEAN
aliquot	no_matched_normal_wxs	BOOLEAN
aliquot	pool	STRING
aliquot	selected_normal_low_pass_wgs	BOOLEAN
aliquot	selected_normal_targeted_sequencing	BOOLEAN
aliquot	selected_normal_wgs	BOOLEAN
aliquot	selected_normal_wxs	BOOLEAN
aliquot	status	Disqualified
aliquot	status	Qualified
analyte	a260_a280_ratio	NUMBER
analyte	analyte_concentration	NUMBER (milligram per milliliter)
analyte	analyte_id	STRING
analyte	analyte_quantity	NUMBER (gram)
analyte	analyte_type	STRING
analyte	analyte_type_id	D
analyte	analyte_type_id	E
analyte	analyte_type_id	G
analyte	analyte_type_id	H
analyte	analyte_type_id	R
analyte	analyte_volume	NUMBER (milliliter)
analyte	normal_tumor_genotype_snp_match	No
analyte	normal_tumor_genotype_snp_match	Not Reported
analyte	normal_tumor_genotype_snp_match	Unknown
analyte	normal_tumor_genotype_snp_match	Yes
analyte	ribosomal_rna_28s_16s_ratio	NUMBER
analyte	spectrophotometer_method	STRING
analyte	well_number	INTEGER
cross_reference_database	cross_reference_database_id	STRING
cross_reference_database	cross_reference_database_name	STRING
cross_reference_database	cross_reference_database_url	STRING
demographic_data	age_at_index	INTEGER
demographic_data	age_is_obfuscated	BOOLEAN
demographic_data	breed	Affenpinscher
demographic_data	breed	Afghan Hound
demographic_data	breed	Airedale Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Akita
demographic_data	breed	Alaskan Malamute
demographic_data	breed	American Eskimo Dog
demographic_data	breed	American Foxhound
demographic_data	breed	American Staffordshire Terrier
demographic_data	breed	American Water Spaniel
demographic_data	breed	Anatolian Shepherd Dog
demographic_data	breed	Australian Cattle Dog
demographic_data	breed	Australian Shepherd
demographic_data	breed	Australian Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Basenji
demographic_data	breed	Basset Hound
demographic_data	breed	Beagle
demographic_data	breed	Bearded Collie
demographic_data	breed	Bedlington Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Belgian Malinois
demographic_data	breed	Belgian Sheepdog
demographic_data	breed	Belgian Tervuren
demographic_data	breed	Bernese Mountain Dog
demographic_data	breed	Bichon Frise
demographic_data	breed	Black Russian Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Black and Tan Coonhound
demographic_data	breed	Bloodhound
demographic_data	breed	Border Collie
demographic_data	breed	Border Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Borzoi
demographic_data	breed	Boston Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Bouvier des Flandres
demographic_data	breed	Boxer
demographic_data	breed	Briard
demographic_data	breed	Brittany
demographic_data	breed	Brussels Griffon
demographic_data	breed	Bull Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Bulldog
demographic_data	breed	Bullmastiff
demographic_data	breed	Cairn Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Canaan Dog
demographic_data	breed	Cardigan Welsh Corgi
demographic_data	breed	Catahoula Hound
demographic_data	breed	Cavalier King Charles Spaniel
demographic_data	breed	Chesapeake Bay Retriever
demographic_data	breed	Chihuahua
demographic_data	breed	Chinese Crested
demographic_data	breed	Chinese Shar-Pei
demographic_data	breed	Chow Chow
demographic_data	breed	Clumber Spaniel
demographic_data	breed	Cocker Spaniel
demographic_data	breed	Collie
demographic_data	breed	Curly-Coated Retriever
demographic_data	breed	Dachshund
demographic_data	breed	Dalmatian
demographic_data	breed	Dandie Dinmont Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Doberman Pinscher
demographic_data	breed	English Cocker Spaniel
demographic_data	breed	English Foxhound
demographic_data	breed	English Setter
demographic_data	breed	English Springer Spaniel
demographic_data	breed	English Toy Spaniel
demographic_data	breed	Field Spaniel
demographic_data	breed	Finnish Spitz
demographic_data	breed	Flat-Coated Retriever
demographic_data	breed	French Bulldog
demographic_data	breed	German Pinscher
demographic_data	breed	German Shepherd Dog
demographic_data	breed	German Shorthaired Pointer
demographic_data	breed	German Wirehaired Pointer
demographic_data	breed	Giant Schnauzer
demographic_data	breed	Glen of Imaal Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Golden Retriever
demographic_data	breed	Gordon Setter
demographic_data	breed	Great Dane
demographic_data	breed	Great Pyrenees
demographic_data	breed	Greater Swiss Mountain Dog
demographic_data	breed	Greyhound
demographic_data	breed	Harrier
demographic_data	breed	Havanese
demographic_data	breed	Ibizan Hound
demographic_data	breed	Irish Setter
demographic_data	breed	Irish Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Irish Water Spaniel
demographic_data	breed	Irish Wolfhound
demographic_data	breed	Italian Greyhound
demographic_data	breed	Japanese Chin
demographic_data	breed	Keeshond
demographic_data	breed	Kerry Blue Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Komondor
demographic_data	breed	Kuvasz
demographic_data	breed	Labrador Retriever
demographic_data	breed	Lakeland Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Lhasa Apso
demographic_data	breed	Lowchen
demographic_data	breed	Maltese
demographic_data	breed	Manchester Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Mastiff
demographic_data	breed	Miniature Bull Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Miniature Pinscher
demographic_data	breed	Miniature Schnauzer
demographic_data	breed	Mixed Breed
demographic_data	breed	Neapolitan Mastiff
demographic_data	breed	Newfoundland
demographic_data	breed	Norfolk Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Norwegian Elkhound
demographic_data	breed	Norwich Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Nova Scotia Duck Tolling Retriever
demographic_data	breed	Old English Sheepdog
demographic_data	breed	Other
demographic_data	breed	Otterhound
demographic_data	breed	Papillon
demographic_data	breed	Parson Russell Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Pekingese
demographic_data	breed	Pembroke Welsh Corgi
demographic_data	breed	Petit Basset Griffon Vendeen
demographic_data	breed	Pharaoh Hound
demographic_data	breed	Pointer
demographic_data	breed	Polish Lowland Sheepdog
demographic_data	breed	Pomeranian
demographic_data	breed	Poodle
demographic_data	breed	Portuguese Water Dog
demographic_data	breed	Pug
demographic_data	breed	Puli
demographic_data	breed	Rhodesian Ridgeback
demographic_data	breed	Rottweiler
demographic_data	breed	Saint Bernard
demographic_data	breed	Saluki
demographic_data	breed	Samoyed
demographic_data	breed	Schipperke
demographic_data	breed	Scottish Deerhound
demographic_data	breed	Scottish Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Sealyham Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Shetland Sheepdog
demographic_data	breed	Shiba Inu
demographic_data	breed	Shih Tzu
demographic_data	breed	Siberian Husky
demographic_data	breed	Silky Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Skye Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Smooth Fox Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Soft Coated Wheaten Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Spinone Italiano
demographic_data	breed	Staffordshire Bull Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Standard Schnauzer
demographic_data	breed	Sussex Spaniel
demographic_data	breed	Tibetan Spaniel
demographic_data	breed	Tibetan Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Toy Fox Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Vizsla
demographic_data	breed	Weimaraner
demographic_data	breed	Welsh Springer Spaniel
demographic_data	breed	Welsh Terrier
demographic_data	breed	West Highland White Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Whippet
demographic_data	breed	Wire Fox Terrier
demographic_data	breed	Wirehaired Pointing Griffon
demographic_data	breed	Yorkshire Terrier
demographic_data	cause_of_death	STRING
demographic_data	cause_of_death_source	Autopsy
demographic_data	cause_of_death_source	Death Certificate
demographic_data	cause_of_death_source	Medical Record
demographic_data	cause_of_death_source	Not Reported
demographic_data	cause_of_death_source	Social Security Death Index
demographic_data	cause_of_death_source	Unknown
demographic_data	date_of_birth	DATETIME
demographic_data	days_to_birth	STRING
demographic_data	days_to_death	STRING
demographic_data	demographic_data_id	STRING
demographic_data	ethnicity	Unknown
demographic_data	ethnicity	hispanic or latino
demographic_data	ethnicity	not allowed to collect
demographic_data	ethnicity	not hispanic or latino
demographic_data	ethnicity	not reported
demographic_data	gender	female
demographic_data	gender	male
demographic_data	gender	not reported
demographic_data	gender	unknown
demographic_data	gender	unspecified
demographic_data	height	NUMBER (centimeters)
demographic_data	neutered_indicator	BOOLEAN
demographic_data	occupation_duration_years	INTEGER
demographic_data	premature_at_birth	No
demographic_data	premature_at_birth	Not Reported
demographic_data	premature_at_birth	Unknown
demographic_data	premature_at_birth	Yes
demographic_data	race	Unknown
demographic_data	race	american indian or alaska native
demographic_data	race	asian
demographic_data	race	black or african american
demographic_data	race	native hawaiian or other pacific islander
demographic_data	race	not allowed to collect
demographic_data	race	not reported
demographic_data	race	other
demographic_data	race	white
demographic_data	vital_status	Alive
demographic_data	vital_status	Dead
demographic_data	vital_status	Not Reported
demographic_data	vital_status	Unknown
demographic_data	weeks_gestation_at_birth	NUMBER
demographic_data	weight	NUMBER (kilograms)
demographic_data	year_of_birth	INTEGER
demographic_data	year_of_death	INTEGER
diagnosis	age_at_diagnosis	INTEGER
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_m	M0
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_m	M1
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_m	M1a
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_m	M1b
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_m	M1c
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_m	MX
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_m	Not Reported
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_m	Unknown
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_m	cM0 (i+)
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N0
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N0 (i+)
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N0 (i-)
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N0 (mol+)
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N0 (mol-)
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N1
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N1a
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N1b
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N1bI
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N1bII
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N1bIII
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N1bIV
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N1c
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N1mi
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N2
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N2a
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N2b
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N2c
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N3
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N3a
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N3b
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N3c
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	N4
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	NX
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	Not Reported
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_n	Unknown
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Not Reported
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage 0
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage 0a
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage 0is
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage I
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IA
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IA1
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IA2
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IB
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IB1
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IB2
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IC
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage II
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IIA
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IIA1
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IIA2
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IIB
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IIC
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IIC1
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage III
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IIIA
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IIIB
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IIIC
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IIIC1
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IIIC2
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IS
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IV
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IVA
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IVB
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage IVC
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage Tis
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage X
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_stage	Unknown
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	Not Reported
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T0
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T1
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T1a
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T1a1
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T1a2
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T1b
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T1b1
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T1b2
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T1c
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T1mi
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T2
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T2a
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T2a1
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T2a2
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T2b
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T2c
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T2d
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T3
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T3a
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T3b
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T3c
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T3d
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T4
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T4a
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T4b
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T4c
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T4d
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	T4e
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	TX
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	Ta
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	Tis
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	Tis (DCIS)
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	Tis (LCIS)
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	Tis (Paget's)
diagnosis	ajcc_clinical_t	Unknown
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_m	M0
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_m	M1
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_m	M1a
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_m	M1b
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_m	M1c
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_m	M2
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_m	MX
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_m	Not Reported
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_m	Unknown
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_m	cM0 (i+)
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N0
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N0 (i+)
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N0 (i-)
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N0 (mol+)
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N0 (mol-)
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N1
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N1a
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N1b
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N1bI
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N1bII
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N1bIII
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N1bIV
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N1c
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N1mi
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N2
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N2a
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N2b
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N2c
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N3
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N3a
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N3b
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N3c
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	N4
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	NX
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	Not Reported
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_n	Unknown
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Not Reported
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage 0
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage 0a
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage 0is
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage I
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IA
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IA1
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IA2
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IB
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IB1
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IB2
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IC
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage II
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IIA
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IIA1
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IIA2
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IIB
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IIC
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage III
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IIIA
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IIIB
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IIIC
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IIIC1
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IIIC2
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IIID
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IS
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IV
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IVA
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IVB
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage IVC
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage Tis
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Stage X
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_stage	Unknown
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	Not Reported
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T0
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T1
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T1a
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T1a1
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T1a2
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T1b
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T1b1
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T1b2
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T1c
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T1mi
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T2
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T2a
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T2a1
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T2a2
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T2b
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T2c
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T2d
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T3
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T3a
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T3b
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T3c
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T3d
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T4
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T4a
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T4b
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T4c
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T4d
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	T4e
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	TX
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	Ta
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	Tis
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	Tis (DCIS)
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	Tis (LCIS)
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	Tis (Paget's)
diagnosis	ajcc_pathologic_t	Unknown
diagnosis	ajcc_staging_system_edition	1st
diagnosis	ajcc_staging_system_edition	2nd
diagnosis	ajcc_staging_system_edition	3rd
diagnosis	ajcc_staging_system_edition	4th
diagnosis	ajcc_staging_system_edition	5th
diagnosis	ajcc_staging_system_edition	6th
diagnosis	ajcc_staging_system_edition	7th
diagnosis	ajcc_staging_system_edition	8th
diagnosis	ajcc_staging_system_edition	Not Reported
diagnosis	ajcc_staging_system_edition	Unknown
diagnosis	anaplasia_present	No
diagnosis	anaplasia_present	Not Reported
diagnosis	anaplasia_present	Unknown
diagnosis	anaplasia_present	Yes
diagnosis	anaplasia_present_type	Absent
diagnosis	anaplasia_present_type	Diffuse
diagnosis	anaplasia_present_type	Equivocal
diagnosis	anaplasia_present_type	Focal
diagnosis	anaplasia_present_type	Not Reported
diagnosis	anaplasia_present_type	Present
diagnosis	anaplasia_present_type	Sclerosis
diagnosis	anaplasia_present_type	Unknown
diagnosis	ann_arbor_b_symptoms	No
diagnosis	ann_arbor_b_symptoms	Not Reported
diagnosis	ann_arbor_b_symptoms	Unknown
diagnosis	ann_arbor_b_symptoms	Yes
diagnosis	ann_arbor_clinical_stage	Not Reported
diagnosis	ann_arbor_clinical_stage	Stage I
diagnosis	ann_arbor_clinical_stage	Stage II
diagnosis	ann_arbor_clinical_stage	Stage III
diagnosis	ann_arbor_clinical_stage	Stage IV
diagnosis	ann_arbor_clinical_stage	Unknown
diagnosis	ann_arbor_extranodal_involvement	No
diagnosis	ann_arbor_extranodal_involvement	Not Reported
diagnosis	ann_arbor_extranodal_involvement	Unknown
diagnosis	ann_arbor_extranodal_involvement	Yes
diagnosis	ann_arbor_pathologic_stage	Not Reported
diagnosis	ann_arbor_pathologic_stage	Stage I
diagnosis	ann_arbor_pathologic_stage	Stage II
diagnosis	ann_arbor_pathologic_stage	Stage III
diagnosis	ann_arbor_pathologic_stage	Stage IV
diagnosis	ann_arbor_pathologic_stage	Unknown
diagnosis	best_overall_response	AJ-Adjuvant Therapy
diagnosis	best_overall_response	CPD-Clinical Progression
diagnosis	best_overall_response	CR-Complete Response
diagnosis	best_overall_response	CRU-Complete Response Unconfirmed
diagnosis	best_overall_response	DU-Disease Unchanged
diagnosis	best_overall_response	IMR-Immunoresponse
diagnosis	best_overall_response	IPD-Immunoprogression
diagnosis	best_overall_response	MR-Minimal/Marginal Response
diagnosis	best_overall_response	MX-Mixed Response
diagnosis	best_overall_response	NPB-No Palliative Benefit
diagnosis	best_overall_response	NR-No Response
diagnosis	best_overall_response	Non-CR/Non-PD-Non-CR/Non-PD
diagnosis	best_overall_response	PA-Palliative Therapy
diagnosis	best_overall_response	PB-Palliative Benefit
diagnosis	best_overall_response	PD-Progressive Disease
diagnosis	best_overall_response	PPD-Pseudoprogression
diagnosis	best_overall_response	PR-Partial Response
diagnosis	best_overall_response	PSR-Pseudoresponse
diagnosis	best_overall_response	RD-Responsive Disease
diagnosis	best_overall_response	RP-Response
diagnosis	best_overall_response	RPD-Radiographic Progressive Disease
diagnosis	best_overall_response	SD-Stable Disease
diagnosis	best_overall_response	SPD-Surgical Progression
diagnosis	best_overall_response	TE-Too Early
diagnosis	best_overall_response	VGPR-Very Good Partial Response
diagnosis	best_overall_response	sCR-Stringent Complete Response
diagnosis	breslow_thickness	NUMBER
diagnosis	burkitt_lymphoma_clinical_variant	Endemic
diagnosis	burkitt_lymphoma_clinical_variant	Immunodeficiency-associated, adult
diagnosis	burkitt_lymphoma_clinical_variant	Immunodeficiency-associated, pediatric
diagnosis	burkitt_lymphoma_clinical_variant	Not Reported
diagnosis	burkitt_lymphoma_clinical_variant	Sporadic, adult
diagnosis	burkitt_lymphoma_clinical_variant	Sporadic, pediatric
diagnosis	burkitt_lymphoma_clinical_variant	Unknown
diagnosis	cause_of_death	STRING
diagnosis	child_pugh_classification	A
diagnosis	child_pugh_classification	A5
diagnosis	child_pugh_classification	A6
diagnosis	child_pugh_classification	B
diagnosis	child_pugh_classification	B7
diagnosis	child_pugh_classification	B8
diagnosis	child_pugh_classification	B9
diagnosis	child_pugh_classification	C
diagnosis	child_pugh_classification	C10
diagnosis	child_pugh_classification	C11
diagnosis	child_pugh_classification	C12
diagnosis	child_pugh_classification	Not Reported
diagnosis	child_pugh_classification	Unknown
diagnosis	circumferential_resection_margin	NUMBER
diagnosis	classification_of_tumor	Not Allowed To Collect
diagnosis	classification_of_tumor	Premalignant
diagnosis	classification_of_tumor	Unknown
diagnosis	classification_of_tumor	metastasis
diagnosis	classification_of_tumor	not reported
diagnosis	classification_of_tumor	other
diagnosis	classification_of_tumor	primary
diagnosis	classification_of_tumor	recurrence
diagnosis	cog_liver_stage	Not Reported
diagnosis	cog_liver_stage	Stage I
diagnosis	cog_liver_stage	Stage II
diagnosis	cog_liver_stage	Stage III
diagnosis	cog_liver_stage	Stage IV
diagnosis	cog_liver_stage	Unknown
diagnosis	cog_neuroblastoma_risk_group	High Risk
diagnosis	cog_neuroblastoma_risk_group	Intermediate Risk
diagnosis	cog_neuroblastoma_risk_group	Low Risk
diagnosis	cog_neuroblastoma_risk_group	Not Reported
diagnosis	cog_neuroblastoma_risk_group	Unknown
diagnosis	cog_renal_stage	Not Reported
diagnosis	cog_renal_stage	Stage I
diagnosis	cog_renal_stage	Stage II
diagnosis	cog_renal_stage	Stage III
diagnosis	cog_renal_stage	Stage IV
diagnosis	cog_renal_stage	Unknown
diagnosis	cog_rhabdomyosarcoma_risk_group	High Risk
diagnosis	cog_rhabdomyosarcoma_risk_group	Intermediate Risk
diagnosis	cog_rhabdomyosarcoma_risk_group	Low Risk
diagnosis	cog_rhabdomyosarcoma_risk_group	Not Reported
diagnosis	cog_rhabdomyosarcoma_risk_group	Unknown
diagnosis	colon_polyps_history	STRING
diagnosis	concurrent_disease	No
diagnosis	concurrent_disease	Yes
diagnosis	concurrent_disease_type	STRING
diagnosis	date_of_diagnosis	DATETIME
diagnosis	date_of_histology_confirmation	DATETIME
diagnosis	days_to_best_overall_response	INTEGER
diagnosis	days_to_birth	STRING
diagnosis	days_to_death	STRING
diagnosis	days_to_diagnosis	INTEGER
diagnosis	days_to_hiv_diagnosis	STRING
diagnosis	days_to_last_follow_up	NUMBER
diagnosis	days_to_last_known_disease_status	NUMBER
diagnosis	days_to_new_event	STRING
diagnosis	days_to_recurrence	INTEGER
diagnosis	diagnosis_id	STRING
diagnosis	enneking_msts_grade	High Grade (G2)
diagnosis	enneking_msts_grade	Low Grade (G1)
diagnosis	enneking_msts_grade	Not Reported
diagnosis	enneking_msts_grade	Unknown
diagnosis	enneking_msts_metastasis	No Metastasis (M0)
diagnosis	enneking_msts_metastasis	Not Reported
diagnosis	enneking_msts_metastasis	Regional or Distant Metastasis (M1)
diagnosis	enneking_msts_metastasis	Unknown
diagnosis	enneking_msts_stage	Not Reported
diagnosis	enneking_msts_stage	Stage IA
diagnosis	enneking_msts_stage	Stage IB
diagnosis	enneking_msts_stage	Stage IIA
diagnosis	enneking_msts_stage	Stage IIB
diagnosis	enneking_msts_stage	Stage III
diagnosis	enneking_msts_stage	Unknown
diagnosis	enneking_msts_tumor_site	Extracompartmental (T2)
diagnosis	enneking_msts_tumor_site	Intracompartmental (T1)
diagnosis	enneking_msts_tumor_site	Not Reported
diagnosis	enneking_msts_tumor_site	Unknown
diagnosis	esophageal_columnar_dysplasia_degree	High Grade Dysplasia
diagnosis	esophageal_columnar_dysplasia_degree	Indefinite for Dysplasia
diagnosis	esophageal_columnar_dysplasia_degree	Low Grade Dysplasia
diagnosis	esophageal_columnar_dysplasia_degree	Negative/ No Dysplasia
diagnosis	esophageal_columnar_dysplasia_degree	Not Reported
diagnosis	esophageal_columnar_dysplasia_degree	Unknown
diagnosis	esophageal_columnar_metaplasia_present	No
diagnosis	esophageal_columnar_metaplasia_present	Not Reported
diagnosis	esophageal_columnar_metaplasia_present	Unknown
diagnosis	esophageal_columnar_metaplasia_present	Yes
diagnosis	figo_stage	Not Allowed To Collect
diagnosis	figo_stage	Not Reported
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage 0
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage I
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IA
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IA1
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IA2
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IB
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IB1
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IB2
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IC
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage II
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IIA
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IIA1
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IIA2
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IIB
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IIC
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage III
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IIIA
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IIIB
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IIIC
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IIIC1
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IIIC2
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IV
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IVA
diagnosis	figo_stage	Stage IVB
diagnosis	figo_stage	Unknown
diagnosis	first_symptom_prior_to_diagnosis	Altered Mental Status
diagnosis	first_symptom_prior_to_diagnosis	Headaches
diagnosis	first_symptom_prior_to_diagnosis	Motor or Movement Changes
diagnosis	first_symptom_prior_to_diagnosis	Not Reported
diagnosis	first_symptom_prior_to_diagnosis	Seizures
diagnosis	first_symptom_prior_to_diagnosis	Sensory Changes
diagnosis	first_symptom_prior_to_diagnosis	Unknown
diagnosis	first_symptom_prior_to_diagnosis	Visual Changes
diagnosis	follow_up_data	No
diagnosis	follow_up_data	Yes
diagnosis	gastric_esophageal_junction_involvement	No
diagnosis	gastric_esophageal_junction_involvement	Not Reported
diagnosis	gastric_esophageal_junction_involvement	Unknown
diagnosis	gastric_esophageal_junction_involvement	Yes
diagnosis	gleason_grade_group	Group 1
diagnosis	gleason_grade_group	Group 2
diagnosis	gleason_grade_group	Group 3
diagnosis	gleason_grade_group	Group 4
diagnosis	gleason_grade_group	Group 5
diagnosis	goblet_cells_columnar_mucosa_present	No
diagnosis	goblet_cells_columnar_mucosa_present	Not Reported
diagnosis	goblet_cells_columnar_mucosa_present	Unknown
diagnosis	goblet_cells_columnar_mucosa_present	Yes
diagnosis	gross_tumor_weight	NUMBER (grams)
diagnosis	hiv_positive	STRING
diagnosis	hpv_positive_type	STRING
diagnosis	hpv_status	STRING
diagnosis	icd_10_code	STRING
diagnosis	igcccg_stage	Good Prognosis
diagnosis	igcccg_stage	Intermediate Prognosis
diagnosis	igcccg_stage	Not Reported
diagnosis	igcccg_stage	Poor Prognosis
diagnosis	igcccg_stage	Unknown
diagnosis	inpc_grade	Differentiating
diagnosis	inpc_grade	Not Reported
diagnosis	inpc_grade	Poorly Differentiated
diagnosis	inpc_grade	Undifferentiated
diagnosis	inpc_grade	Unknown
diagnosis	inpc_histologic_group	Favorable
diagnosis	inpc_histologic_group	Not Reported
diagnosis	inpc_histologic_group	Unfavorable
diagnosis	inpc_histologic_group	Unknown
diagnosis	inrg_stage	L1
diagnosis	inrg_stage	L2
diagnosis	inrg_stage	M
diagnosis	inrg_stage	Ms
diagnosis	inrg_stage	Not Reported
diagnosis	inrg_stage	Unknown
diagnosis	inss_stage	Not Reported
diagnosis	inss_stage	Stage 1
diagnosis	inss_stage	Stage 2A
diagnosis	inss_stage	Stage 2B
diagnosis	inss_stage	Stage 3
diagnosis	inss_stage	Stage 4
diagnosis	inss_stage	Stage 4S
diagnosis	inss_stage	Unknown
diagnosis	international_prognostic_index	High Risk
diagnosis	international_prognostic_index	High-Intermediate Risk
diagnosis	international_prognostic_index	Low Risk
diagnosis	international_prognostic_index	Low-Intermediate Risk
diagnosis	irs_group	Group I
diagnosis	irs_group	Group II
diagnosis	irs_group	Group III
diagnosis	irs_group	Group IIIa
diagnosis	irs_group	Group IIIb
diagnosis	irs_group	Group IIa
diagnosis	irs_group	Group IIb
diagnosis	irs_group	Group IIc
diagnosis	irs_group	Group IV
diagnosis	irs_group	Group Ia
diagnosis	irs_group	Group Ib
diagnosis	irs_group	Not Reported
diagnosis	irs_group	Unknown
diagnosis	irs_stage	1
diagnosis	irs_stage	2
diagnosis	irs_stage	3
diagnosis	irs_stage	4
diagnosis	irs_stage	Not Reported
diagnosis	irs_stage	Unknown
diagnosis	ishak_fibrosis_score	0 - No Fibrosis
diagnosis	ishak_fibrosis_score	1,2 - Portal Fibrosis
diagnosis	ishak_fibrosis_score	3,4 - Fibrous Septa
diagnosis	ishak_fibrosis_score	5 - Nodular Formation and Incomplete Cirrhosis
diagnosis	ishak_fibrosis_score	6 - Established Cirrhosis
diagnosis	ishak_fibrosis_score	Not Reported
diagnosis	ishak_fibrosis_score	Unknown
diagnosis	iss_stage	I
diagnosis	iss_stage	II
diagnosis	iss_stage	III
diagnosis	iss_stage	Not Reported
diagnosis	iss_stage	Unknown
diagnosis	largest_extrapelvic_peritoneal_focus	Macroscopic (2cm or less)
diagnosis	largest_extrapelvic_peritoneal_focus	Macroscopic (greater than 2cm)
diagnosis	largest_extrapelvic_peritoneal_focus	Microscopic
diagnosis	largest_extrapelvic_peritoneal_focus	Not Reported
diagnosis	largest_extrapelvic_peritoneal_focus	Unknown
diagnosis	last_known_disease_status	Biochemical evidence of disease without structural correlate
diagnosis	last_known_disease_status	Distant met recurrence/progression
diagnosis	last_known_disease_status	Loco-regional recurrence/progression
diagnosis	last_known_disease_status	Not Allowed To Collect
diagnosis	last_known_disease_status	Tumor free
diagnosis	last_known_disease_status	Unknown tumor status
diagnosis	last_known_disease_status	With tumor
diagnosis	last_known_disease_status	not reported
diagnosis	laterality	Bilateral
diagnosis	laterality	Left
diagnosis	laterality	Midline
diagnosis	laterality	Not Reported
diagnosis	laterality	Right
diagnosis	laterality	Unilateral
diagnosis	laterality	Unknown
diagnosis	ldh_level_at_diagnosis	STRING
diagnosis	ldh_normal_range_upper	STRING
diagnosis	lymph_nodes_positive	INTEGER
diagnosis	lymph_nodes_tested	INTEGER
diagnosis	lymphatic_invasion_present	No
diagnosis	lymphatic_invasion_present	Not Reported
diagnosis	lymphatic_invasion_present	Unknown
diagnosis	lymphatic_invasion_present	Yes
diagnosis	masaoka_stage	Stage I
diagnosis	masaoka_stage	Stage III
diagnosis	masaoka_stage	Stage IIa
diagnosis	masaoka_stage	Stage IIb
diagnosis	masaoka_stage	Stage IVa
diagnosis	masaoka_stage	Stage IVb
diagnosis	medulloblastoma_molecular_classification	Non-WNT/non-SHH Activated
diagnosis	medulloblastoma_molecular_classification	Not Determined
diagnosis	medulloblastoma_molecular_classification	Not Reported
diagnosis	medulloblastoma_molecular_classification	SHH-Activated
diagnosis	medulloblastoma_molecular_classification	Unknown
diagnosis	medulloblastoma_molecular_classification	WNT-Activated
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis	Distant Metastasis
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis	Metastasis, NOS
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis	No Metastasis
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis	Not Reported
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis	Regional Metastasis
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis	Unknown
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Abdomen
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Adrenal Gland
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Ascites
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Bone
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Bone Marrow
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Brain
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Central Nervous System
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Cerebrospinal Fluid
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Colon
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Distant Nodes
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Distant Organ
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Groin
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Kidney
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Liver
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Lung
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Lymph Node, Axillary
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Lymph Node, Inguinal
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Lymph Node, NOS
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Mediastinum
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Not Reported
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Omentum
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Ovary
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Pelvis
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Peritoneal Cavity
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Peritoneum
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Pleura
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Scalp
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Skin
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Small Intestine
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Soft Tissue
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Spinal Cord
diagnosis	metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Unknown
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Autopsy
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Biopsy
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Blood Draw
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Bone Marrow Aspirate
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Core Biopsy
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Cystoscopy
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Cytology
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Debulking
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Diagnostic Imaging
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Dilation and Curettage Procedure
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Enucleation
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Excisional Biopsy
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Fine Needle Aspiration
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Imaging
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Incisional Biopsy
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Laparoscopy
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Laparotomy
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Not Allowed To Collect
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Not Reported
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Other
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Pap Smear
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Pathologic Review
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Physical Exam
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Surgical Resection
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Thoracentesis
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Ultrasound Guided Biopsy
diagnosis	method_of_diagnosis	Unknown
diagnosis	micropapillary_features	Absent
diagnosis	micropapillary_features	Not Reported
diagnosis	micropapillary_features	Present
diagnosis	micropapillary_features	Unknown
diagnosis	mitosis_karyorrhexis_index	High
diagnosis	mitosis_karyorrhexis_index	Intermediate
diagnosis	mitosis_karyorrhexis_index	Low
diagnosis	mitosis_karyorrhexis_index	Not Reported
diagnosis	mitosis_karyorrhexis_index	Unknown
diagnosis	mitotic_count	INTEGER
diagnosis	morphology	8000/0
diagnosis	morphology	8000/1
diagnosis	morphology	8000/3
diagnosis	morphology	8000/6
diagnosis	morphology	8000/9
diagnosis	morphology	8001/0
diagnosis	morphology	8001/1
diagnosis	morphology	8001/3
diagnosis	morphology	8002/3
diagnosis	morphology	8003/3
diagnosis	morphology	8004/3
diagnosis	morphology	8005/0
diagnosis	morphology	8005/3
diagnosis	morphology	8010/0
diagnosis	morphology	8010/2
diagnosis	morphology	8010/3
diagnosis	morphology	8010/6
diagnosis	morphology	8010/9
diagnosis	morphology	8011/0
diagnosis	morphology	8011/3
diagnosis	morphology	8012/3
diagnosis	morphology	8013/3
diagnosis	morphology	8014/3
diagnosis	morphology	8015/3
diagnosis	morphology	8020/3
diagnosis	morphology	8020/6
diagnosis	morphology	8021/3
diagnosis	morphology	8022/3
diagnosis	morphology	8023/3
diagnosis	morphology	8030/3
diagnosis	morphology	8031/3
diagnosis	morphology	8032/3
diagnosis	morphology	8033/3
diagnosis	morphology	8034/3
diagnosis	morphology	8035/3
diagnosis	morphology	8040/0
diagnosis	morphology	8040/1
diagnosis	morphology	8041/3
diagnosis	morphology	8041/34
diagnosis	morphology	8041/6
diagnosis	morphology	8042/3
diagnosis	morphology	8043/3
diagnosis	morphology	8044/3
diagnosis	morphology	8045/3
diagnosis	morphology	8046/3
diagnosis	morphology	8050/0
diagnosis	morphology	8050/2
diagnosis	morphology	8050/3
diagnosis	morphology	8051/0
diagnosis	morphology	8051/3
diagnosis	morphology	8052/0
diagnosis	morphology	8052/2
diagnosis	morphology	8052/3
diagnosis	morphology	8053/0
diagnosis	morphology	8060/0
diagnosis	morphology	8070/2
diagnosis	morphology	8070/3
diagnosis	morphology	8070/33
diagnosis	morphology	8070/6
diagnosis	morphology	8071/2
diagnosis	morphology	8071/3
diagnosis	morphology	8072/3
diagnosis	morphology	8073/3
diagnosis	morphology	8074/3
diagnosis	morphology	8075/3
diagnosis	morphology	8076/2
diagnosis	morphology	8076/3
diagnosis	morphology	8077/0
diagnosis	morphology	8077/2
diagnosis	morphology	8078/3
diagnosis	morphology	8080/2
diagnosis	morphology	8081/2
diagnosis	morphology	8082/3
diagnosis	morphology	8083/3
diagnosis	morphology	8084/3
diagnosis	morphology	8085/3
diagnosis	morphology	8086/3
diagnosis	morphology	8090/1
diagnosis	morphology	8090/3
diagnosis	morphology	8091/3
diagnosis	morphology	8092/3
diagnosis	morphology	8093/3
diagnosis	morphology	8094/3
diagnosis	morphology	8095/3
diagnosis	morphology	8096/0
diagnosis	morphology	8097/3
diagnosis	morphology	8098/3
diagnosis	morphology	8100/0
diagnosis	morphology	8101/0
diagnosis	morphology	8102/0
diagnosis	morphology	8102/3
diagnosis	morphology	8103/0
diagnosis	morphology	8110/0
diagnosis	morphology	8110/3
diagnosis	morphology	8120/0
diagnosis	morphology	8120/1
diagnosis	morphology	8120/2
diagnosis	morphology	8120/3
diagnosis	morphology	8121/0
diagnosis	morphology	8121/1
diagnosis	morphology	8121/3
diagnosis	morphology	8122/3
diagnosis	morphology	8123/3
diagnosis	morphology	8124/3
diagnosis	morphology	8130/1
diagnosis	morphology	8130/2
diagnosis	morphology	8130/3
diagnosis	morphology	8131/3
diagnosis	morphology	8140/0
diagnosis	morphology	8140/1
diagnosis	morphology	8140/2
diagnosis	morphology	8140/3
diagnosis	morphology	8140/33
diagnosis	morphology	8140/6
diagnosis	morphology	8141/3
diagnosis	morphology	8142/3
diagnosis	morphology	8143/3
diagnosis	morphology	8144/3
diagnosis	morphology	8145/3
diagnosis	morphology	8146/0
diagnosis	morphology	8147/0
diagnosis	morphology	8147/3
diagnosis	morphology	8148/0
diagnosis	morphology	8148/2
diagnosis	morphology	8149/0
diagnosis	morphology	8150/0
diagnosis	morphology	8150/1
diagnosis	morphology	8150/3
diagnosis	morphology	8151/0
diagnosis	morphology	8151/3
diagnosis	morphology	8152/1
diagnosis	morphology	8152/3
diagnosis	morphology	8153/1
diagnosis	morphology	8153/3
diagnosis	morphology	8154/3
diagnosis	morphology	8155/1
diagnosis	morphology	8155/3
diagnosis	morphology	8156/1
diagnosis	morphology	8156/3
diagnosis	morphology	8158/1
diagnosis	morphology	8160/0
diagnosis	morphology	8160/3
diagnosis	morphology	8161/0
diagnosis	morphology	8161/3
diagnosis	morphology	8162/3
diagnosis	morphology	8163/0
diagnosis	morphology	8163/2
diagnosis	morphology	8163/3
diagnosis	morphology	8170/0
diagnosis	morphology	8170/3
diagnosis	morphology	8171/3
diagnosis	morphology	8172/3
diagnosis	morphology	8173/3
diagnosis	morphology	8174/3
diagnosis	morphology	8175/3
diagnosis	morphology	8180/3
diagnosis	morphology	8190/0
diagnosis	morphology	8190/3
diagnosis	morphology	8191/0
diagnosis	morphology	8200/0
diagnosis	morphology	8200/3
diagnosis	morphology	8201/2
diagnosis	morphology	8201/3
diagnosis	morphology	8202/0
diagnosis	morphology	8204/0
diagnosis	morphology	8210/0
diagnosis	morphology	8210/2
diagnosis	morphology	8210/3
diagnosis	morphology	8211/0
diagnosis	morphology	8211/3
diagnosis	morphology	8212/0
diagnosis	morphology	8213/0
diagnosis	morphology	8213/3
diagnosis	morphology	8214/3
diagnosis	morphology	8215/3
diagnosis	morphology	8220/0
diagnosis	morphology	8220/3
diagnosis	morphology	8221/0
diagnosis	morphology	8221/3
diagnosis	morphology	8230/2
diagnosis	morphology	8230/3
diagnosis	morphology	8231/3
diagnosis	morphology	8240/1
diagnosis	morphology	8240/3
diagnosis	morphology	8241/3
diagnosis	morphology	8242/1
diagnosis	morphology	8242/3
diagnosis	morphology	8243/3
diagnosis	morphology	8244/3
diagnosis	morphology	8245/1
diagnosis	morphology	8245/3
diagnosis	morphology	8246/3
diagnosis	morphology	8247/3
diagnosis	morphology	8248/1
diagnosis	morphology	8249/3
diagnosis	morphology	8250/1
diagnosis	morphology	8250/2
diagnosis	morphology	8250/3
diagnosis	morphology	8251/0
diagnosis	morphology	8251/3
diagnosis	morphology	8252/3
diagnosis	morphology	8253/3
diagnosis	morphology	8254/3
diagnosis	morphology	8255/3
diagnosis	morphology	8256/3
diagnosis	morphology	8257/3
diagnosis	morphology	8260/0
diagnosis	morphology	8260/3
diagnosis	morphology	8261/0
diagnosis	morphology	8261/2
diagnosis	morphology	8261/3
diagnosis	morphology	8262/3
diagnosis	morphology	8263/0
diagnosis	morphology	8263/2
diagnosis	morphology	8263/3
diagnosis	morphology	8264/0
diagnosis	morphology	8265/3
diagnosis	morphology	8270/0
diagnosis	morphology	8270/3
diagnosis	morphology	8271/0
diagnosis	morphology	8272/0
diagnosis	morphology	8272/3
diagnosis	morphology	8280/0
diagnosis	morphology	8280/3
diagnosis	morphology	8281/0
diagnosis	morphology	8281/3
diagnosis	morphology	8290/0
diagnosis	morphology	8290/3
diagnosis	morphology	8300/0
diagnosis	morphology	8300/3
diagnosis	morphology	8310/0
diagnosis	morphology	8310/3
diagnosis	morphology	8310/6
diagnosis	morphology	8311/1
diagnosis	morphology	8311/3
diagnosis	morphology	8311/6
diagnosis	morphology	8312/3
diagnosis	morphology	8313/0
diagnosis	morphology	8313/1
diagnosis	morphology	8313/3
diagnosis	morphology	8314/3
diagnosis	morphology	8315/3
diagnosis	morphology	8316/3
diagnosis	morphology	8317/3
diagnosis	morphology	8318/3
diagnosis	morphology	8319/3
diagnosis	morphology	8320/3
diagnosis	morphology	8321/0
diagnosis	morphology	8322/0
diagnosis	morphology	8322/3
diagnosis	morphology	8323/0
diagnosis	morphology	8323/3
diagnosis	morphology	8324/0
diagnosis	morphology	8325/0
diagnosis	morphology	8330/0
diagnosis	morphology	8330/1
diagnosis	morphology	8330/3
diagnosis	morphology	8331/3
diagnosis	morphology	8332/3
diagnosis	morphology	8333/0
diagnosis	morphology	8333/3
diagnosis	morphology	8334/0
diagnosis	morphology	8335/3
diagnosis	morphology	8336/0
diagnosis	morphology	8337/3
diagnosis	morphology	8339/3
diagnosis	morphology	8340/3
diagnosis	morphology	8341/3
diagnosis	morphology	8342/3
diagnosis	morphology	8343/2
diagnosis	morphology	8343/3
diagnosis	morphology	8344/3
diagnosis	morphology	8345/3
diagnosis	morphology	8346/3
diagnosis	morphology	8347/3
diagnosis	morphology	8350/3
diagnosis	morphology	8360/1
diagnosis	morphology	8361/0
diagnosis	morphology	8370/0
diagnosis	morphology	8370/1
diagnosis	morphology	8370/3
diagnosis	morphology	8371/0
diagnosis	morphology	8372/0
diagnosis	morphology	8373/0
diagnosis	morphology	8374/0
diagnosis	morphology	8375/0
diagnosis	morphology	8380/0
diagnosis	morphology	8380/1
diagnosis	morphology	8380/2
diagnosis	morphology	8380/3
diagnosis	morphology	8381/0
diagnosis	morphology	8381/1
diagnosis	morphology	8381/3
diagnosis	morphology	8382/3
diagnosis	morphology	8383/3
diagnosis	morphology	8384/3
diagnosis	morphology	8390/0
diagnosis	morphology	8390/3
diagnosis	morphology	8391/0
diagnosis	morphology	8392/0
diagnosis	morphology	8400/0
diagnosis	morphology	8400/1
diagnosis	morphology	8400/3
diagnosis	morphology	8401/0
diagnosis	morphology	8401/3
diagnosis	morphology	8402/0
diagnosis	morphology	8402/3
diagnosis	morphology	8403/0
diagnosis	morphology	8403/3
diagnosis	morphology	8404/0
diagnosis	morphology	8405/0
diagnosis	morphology	8406/0
diagnosis	morphology	8407/0
diagnosis	morphology	8407/3
diagnosis	morphology	8408/0
diagnosis	morphology	8408/1
diagnosis	morphology	8408/3
diagnosis	morphology	8409/0
diagnosis	morphology	8409/3
diagnosis	morphology	8410/0
diagnosis	morphology	8410/3
diagnosis	morphology	8413/3
diagnosis	morphology	8420/0
diagnosis	morphology	8420/3
diagnosis	morphology	8430/1
diagnosis	morphology	8430/3
diagnosis	morphology	8440/0
diagnosis	morphology	8440/3
diagnosis	morphology	8441/0
diagnosis	morphology	8441/2
diagnosis	morphology	8441/3
diagnosis	morphology	8441/6
diagnosis	morphology	8442/1
diagnosis	morphology	8443/0
diagnosis	morphology	8444/1
diagnosis	morphology	8450/0
diagnosis	morphology	8450/3
diagnosis	morphology	8451/1
diagnosis	morphology	8452/1
diagnosis	morphology	8452/3
diagnosis	morphology	8453/0
diagnosis	morphology	8453/2
diagnosis	morphology	8453/3
diagnosis	morphology	8454/0
diagnosis	morphology	8460/0
diagnosis	morphology	8460/2
diagnosis	morphology	8460/3
diagnosis	morphology	8461/0
diagnosis	morphology	8461/3
diagnosis	morphology	8462/1
diagnosis	morphology	8463/1
diagnosis	morphology	8470/0
diagnosis	morphology	8470/2
diagnosis	morphology	8470/3
diagnosis	morphology	8471/0
diagnosis	morphology	8471/3
diagnosis	morphology	8472/1
diagnosis	morphology	8473/1
diagnosis	morphology	8474/1
diagnosis	morphology	8474/3
diagnosis	morphology	8480/0
diagnosis	morphology	8480/1
diagnosis	morphology	8480/3
diagnosis	morphology	8480/6
diagnosis	morphology	8481/3
diagnosis	morphology	8482/3
diagnosis	morphology	8482/6
diagnosis	morphology	8490/3
diagnosis	morphology	8490/6
diagnosis	morphology	8500/2
diagnosis	morphology	8500/3
diagnosis	morphology	8501/2
diagnosis	morphology	8501/3
diagnosis	morphology	8502/3
diagnosis	morphology	8503/0
diagnosis	morphology	8503/2
diagnosis	morphology	8503/3
diagnosis	morphology	8504/0
diagnosis	morphology	8504/2
diagnosis	morphology	8504/3
diagnosis	morphology	8505/0
diagnosis	morphology	8506/0
diagnosis	morphology	8507/2
diagnosis	morphology	8507/3
diagnosis	morphology	8508/3
diagnosis	morphology	8509/2
diagnosis	morphology	8509/3
diagnosis	morphology	8510/3
diagnosis	morphology	8512/3
diagnosis	morphology	8513/3
diagnosis	morphology	8514/3
diagnosis	morphology	8519/2
diagnosis	morphology	8520/2
diagnosis	morphology	8520/3
diagnosis	morphology	8521/1
diagnosis	morphology	8521/3
diagnosis	morphology	8522/1
diagnosis	morphology	8522/2
diagnosis	morphology	8522/3
diagnosis	morphology	8523/3
diagnosis	morphology	8524/3
diagnosis	morphology	8525/3
diagnosis	morphology	8530/3
diagnosis	morphology	8540/3
diagnosis	morphology	8541/3
diagnosis	morphology	8542/3
diagnosis	morphology	8543/3
diagnosis	morphology	8550/0
diagnosis	morphology	8550/1
diagnosis	morphology	8550/3
diagnosis	morphology	8551/3
diagnosis	morphology	8552/3
diagnosis	morphology	8560/0
diagnosis	morphology	8560/3
diagnosis	morphology	8561/0
diagnosis	morphology	8562/3
diagnosis	morphology	8570/3
diagnosis	morphology	8571/3
diagnosis	morphology	8572/3
diagnosis	morphology	8573/3
diagnosis	morphology	8574/3
diagnosis	morphology	8575/3
diagnosis	morphology	8576/3
diagnosis	morphology	8580/0
diagnosis	morphology	8580/1
diagnosis	morphology	8580/3
diagnosis	morphology	8581/1
diagnosis	morphology	8581/3
diagnosis	morphology	8582/1
diagnosis	morphology	8582/3
diagnosis	morphology	8583/1
diagnosis	morphology	8583/3
diagnosis	morphology	8584/1
diagnosis	morphology	8584/3
diagnosis	morphology	8585/1
diagnosis	morphology	8585/3
diagnosis	morphology	8586/3
diagnosis	morphology	8587/0
diagnosis	morphology	8588/3
diagnosis	morphology	8589/3
diagnosis	morphology	8590/1
diagnosis	morphology	8591/1
diagnosis	morphology	8592/1
diagnosis	morphology	8593/1
diagnosis	morphology	8594/1
diagnosis	morphology	8600/0
diagnosis	morphology	8600/3
diagnosis	morphology	8601/0
diagnosis	morphology	8602/0
diagnosis	morphology	8610/0
diagnosis	morphology	8620/1
diagnosis	morphology	8620/3
diagnosis	morphology	8621/1
diagnosis	morphology	8622/1
diagnosis	morphology	8623/1
diagnosis	morphology	8630/0
diagnosis	morphology	8630/1
diagnosis	morphology	8630/3
diagnosis	morphology	8631/0
diagnosis	morphology	8631/1
diagnosis	morphology	8631/3
diagnosis	morphology	8632/1
diagnosis	morphology	8633/1
diagnosis	morphology	8634/1
diagnosis	morphology	8634/3
diagnosis	morphology	8640/1
diagnosis	morphology	8640/3
diagnosis	morphology	8641/0
diagnosis	morphology	8642/1
diagnosis	morphology	8650/0
diagnosis	morphology	8650/1
diagnosis	morphology	8650/3
diagnosis	morphology	8660/0
diagnosis	morphology	8670/0
diagnosis	morphology	8670/3
diagnosis	morphology	8671/0
diagnosis	morphology	8680/0
diagnosis	morphology	8680/1
diagnosis	morphology	8680/3
diagnosis	morphology	8681/1
diagnosis	morphology	8682/1
diagnosis	morphology	8683/0
diagnosis	morphology	8690/1
diagnosis	morphology	8691/1
diagnosis	morphology	8692/1
diagnosis	morphology	8693/1
diagnosis	morphology	8693/3
diagnosis	morphology	8700/0
diagnosis	morphology	8700/3
diagnosis	morphology	8710/3
diagnosis	morphology	8711/0
diagnosis	morphology	8711/3
diagnosis	morphology	8712/0
diagnosis	morphology	8713/0
diagnosis	morphology	8714/3
diagnosis	morphology	8720/0
diagnosis	morphology	8720/2
diagnosis	morphology	8720/3
diagnosis	morphology	8721/3
diagnosis	morphology	8722/0
diagnosis	morphology	8722/3
diagnosis	morphology	8723/0
diagnosis	morphology	8723/3
diagnosis	morphology	8725/0
diagnosis	morphology	8726/0
diagnosis	morphology	8727/0
diagnosis	morphology	8728/0
diagnosis	morphology	8728/1
diagnosis	morphology	8728/3
diagnosis	morphology	8730/0
diagnosis	morphology	8730/3
diagnosis	morphology	8740/0
diagnosis	morphology	8740/3
diagnosis	morphology	8741/2
diagnosis	morphology	8741/3
diagnosis	morphology	8742/2
diagnosis	morphology	8742/3
diagnosis	morphology	8743/3
diagnosis	morphology	8744/3
diagnosis	morphology	8745/3
diagnosis	morphology	8746/3
diagnosis	morphology	8750/0
diagnosis	morphology	8760/0
diagnosis	morphology	8761/0
diagnosis	morphology	8761/1
diagnosis	morphology	8761/3
diagnosis	morphology	8762/1
diagnosis	morphology	8770/0
diagnosis	morphology	8770/3
diagnosis	morphology	8771/0
diagnosis	morphology	8771/3
diagnosis	morphology	8772/0
diagnosis	morphology	8772/3
diagnosis	morphology	8773/3
diagnosis	morphology	8774/3
diagnosis	morphology	8780/0
diagnosis	morphology	8780/3
diagnosis	morphology	8790/0
diagnosis	morphology	8800/0
diagnosis	morphology	8800/3
diagnosis	morphology	8800/9
diagnosis	morphology	8801/3
diagnosis	morphology	8802/3
diagnosis	morphology	8803/3
diagnosis	morphology	8804/3
diagnosis	morphology	8805/3
diagnosis	morphology	8806/3
diagnosis	morphology	8806/6
diagnosis	morphology	8810/0
diagnosis	morphology	8810/1
diagnosis	morphology	8810/3
diagnosis	morphology	8811/0
diagnosis	morphology	8811/1
diagnosis	morphology	8811/3
diagnosis	morphology	8812/0
diagnosis	morphology	8812/3
diagnosis	morphology	8813/0
diagnosis	morphology	8813/3
diagnosis	morphology	8814/3
diagnosis	morphology	8815/0
diagnosis	morphology	8815/1
diagnosis	morphology	8815/3
diagnosis	morphology	8820/0
diagnosis	morphology	8821/1
diagnosis	morphology	8822/1
diagnosis	morphology	8823/0
diagnosis	morphology	8824/0
diagnosis	morphology	8824/1
diagnosis	morphology	8825/0
diagnosis	morphology	8825/1
diagnosis	morphology	8825/3
diagnosis	morphology	8826/0
diagnosis	morphology	8827/1
diagnosis	morphology	8830/0
diagnosis	morphology	8830/1
diagnosis	morphology	8830/3
diagnosis	morphology	8831/0
diagnosis	morphology	8832/0
diagnosis	morphology	8832/3
diagnosis	morphology	8833/3
diagnosis	morphology	8834/1
diagnosis	morphology	8835/1
diagnosis	morphology	8836/1
diagnosis	morphology	8840/0
diagnosis	morphology	8840/3
diagnosis	morphology	8841/1
diagnosis	morphology	8842/0
diagnosis	morphology	8842/3
diagnosis	morphology	8850/0
diagnosis	morphology	8850/1
diagnosis	morphology	8850/3
diagnosis	morphology	8851/0
diagnosis	morphology	8851/3
diagnosis	morphology	8852/0
diagnosis	morphology	8852/3
diagnosis	morphology	8853/3
diagnosis	morphology	8854/0
diagnosis	morphology	8854/3
diagnosis	morphology	8855/3
diagnosis	morphology	8856/0
diagnosis	morphology	8857/0
diagnosis	morphology	8857/3
diagnosis	morphology	8858/3
diagnosis	morphology	8860/0
diagnosis	morphology	8861/0
diagnosis	morphology	8862/0
diagnosis	morphology	8870/0
diagnosis	morphology	8880/0
diagnosis	morphology	8881/0
diagnosis	morphology	8890/0
diagnosis	morphology	8890/1
diagnosis	morphology	8890/3
diagnosis	morphology	8891/0
diagnosis	morphology	8891/3
diagnosis	morphology	8892/0
diagnosis	morphology	8893/0
diagnosis	morphology	8894/0
diagnosis	morphology	8894/3
diagnosis	morphology	8895/0
diagnosis	morphology	8895/3
diagnosis	morphology	8896/3
diagnosis	morphology	8897/1
diagnosis	morphology	8898/1
diagnosis	morphology	8900/0
diagnosis	morphology	8900/3
diagnosis	morphology	8901/3
diagnosis	morphology	8902/3
diagnosis	morphology	8903/0
diagnosis	morphology	8904/0
diagnosis	morphology	8905/0
diagnosis	morphology	8910/3
diagnosis	morphology	8912/3
diagnosis	morphology	8920/3
diagnosis	morphology	8921/3
diagnosis	morphology	8930/0
diagnosis	morphology	8930/3
diagnosis	morphology	8931/3
diagnosis	morphology	8932/0
diagnosis	morphology	8933/3
diagnosis	morphology	8934/3
diagnosis	morphology	8935/0
diagnosis	morphology	8935/1
diagnosis	morphology	8935/3
diagnosis	morphology	8936/0
diagnosis	morphology	8936/1
diagnosis	morphology	8936/3
diagnosis	morphology	8940/0
diagnosis	morphology	8940/3
diagnosis	morphology	8941/3
diagnosis	morphology	8950/3
diagnosis	morphology	8951/3
diagnosis	morphology	8959/0
diagnosis	morphology	8959/1
diagnosis	morphology	8959/3
diagnosis	morphology	8960/1
diagnosis	morphology	8960/3
diagnosis	morphology	8963/3
diagnosis	morphology	8964/3
diagnosis	morphology	8965/0
diagnosis	morphology	8966/0
diagnosis	morphology	8967/0
diagnosis	morphology	8970/3
diagnosis	morphology	8971/3
diagnosis	morphology	8972/3
diagnosis	morphology	8973/3
diagnosis	morphology	8974/1
diagnosis	morphology	8975/1
diagnosis	morphology	8980/3
diagnosis	morphology	8981/3
diagnosis	morphology	8982/0
diagnosis	morphology	8982/3
diagnosis	morphology	8983/0
diagnosis	morphology	8983/3
diagnosis	morphology	8990/0
diagnosis	morphology	8990/1
diagnosis	morphology	8990/3
diagnosis	morphology	8991/3
diagnosis	morphology	9000/0
diagnosis	morphology	9000/1
diagnosis	morphology	9000/3
diagnosis	morphology	9010/0
diagnosis	morphology	9011/0
diagnosis	morphology	9012/0
diagnosis	morphology	9013/0
diagnosis	morphology	9014/0
diagnosis	morphology	9014/1
diagnosis	morphology	9014/3
diagnosis	morphology	9015/0
diagnosis	morphology	9015/1
diagnosis	morphology	9015/3
diagnosis	morphology	9016/0
diagnosis	morphology	9020/0
diagnosis	morphology	9020/1
diagnosis	morphology	9020/3
diagnosis	morphology	9030/0
diagnosis	morphology	9040/0
diagnosis	morphology	9040/3
diagnosis	morphology	9041/3
diagnosis	morphology	9042/3
diagnosis	morphology	9043/3
diagnosis	morphology	9044/3
diagnosis	morphology	9045/3
diagnosis	morphology	9050/0
diagnosis	morphology	9050/3
diagnosis	morphology	9051/0
diagnosis	morphology	9051/3
diagnosis	morphology	9052/0
diagnosis	morphology	9052/3
diagnosis	morphology	9053/3
diagnosis	morphology	9054/0
diagnosis	morphology	9055/0
diagnosis	morphology	9055/1
diagnosis	morphology	9060/3
diagnosis	morphology	9061/3
diagnosis	morphology	9062/3
diagnosis	morphology	9063/3
diagnosis	morphology	9064/2
diagnosis	morphology	9064/3
diagnosis	morphology	9065/3
diagnosis	morphology	9070/3
diagnosis	morphology	9071/3
diagnosis	morphology	9072/3
diagnosis	morphology	9073/1
diagnosis	morphology	9080/0
diagnosis	morphology	9080/1
diagnosis	morphology	9080/3
diagnosis	morphology	9081/3
diagnosis	morphology	9082/3
diagnosis	morphology	9083/3
diagnosis	morphology	9084/0
diagnosis	morphology	9084/3
diagnosis	morphology	9085/3
diagnosis	morphology	9086/3
diagnosis	morphology	9090/0
diagnosis	morphology	9090/3
diagnosis	morphology	9091/1
diagnosis	morphology	9100/0
diagnosis	morphology	9100/1
diagnosis	morphology	9100/3
diagnosis	morphology	9101/3
diagnosis	morphology	9102/3
diagnosis	morphology	9103/0
diagnosis	morphology	9104/1
diagnosis	morphology	9105/3
diagnosis	morphology	9110/0
diagnosis	morphology	9110/1
diagnosis	morphology	9110/3
diagnosis	morphology	9120/0
diagnosis	morphology	9120/3
diagnosis	morphology	9121/0
diagnosis	morphology	9122/0
diagnosis	morphology	9123/0
diagnosis	morphology	9124/3
diagnosis	morphology	9125/0
diagnosis	morphology	9130/0
diagnosis	morphology	9130/1
diagnosis	morphology	9130/3
diagnosis	morphology	9131/0
diagnosis	morphology	9132/0
diagnosis	morphology	9133/1
diagnosis	morphology	9133/3
diagnosis	morphology	9135/1
diagnosis	morphology	9136/1
diagnosis	morphology	9137/3
diagnosis	morphology	9140/3
diagnosis	morphology	9141/0
diagnosis	morphology	9142/0
diagnosis	morphology	9150/0
diagnosis	morphology	9150/1
diagnosis	morphology	9150/3
diagnosis	morphology	9160/0
diagnosis	morphology	9161/0
diagnosis	morphology	9161/1
diagnosis	morphology	9170/0
diagnosis	morphology	9170/3
diagnosis	morphology	9171/0
diagnosis	morphology	9172/0
diagnosis	morphology	9173/0
diagnosis	morphology	9174/0
diagnosis	morphology	9174/1
diagnosis	morphology	9175/0
diagnosis	morphology	9180/0
diagnosis	morphology	9180/3
diagnosis	morphology	9181/3
diagnosis	morphology	9182/3
diagnosis	morphology	9183/3
diagnosis	morphology	9184/3
diagnosis	morphology	9185/3
diagnosis	morphology	9186/3
diagnosis	morphology	9187/3
diagnosis	morphology	9191/0
diagnosis	morphology	9192/3
diagnosis	morphology	9193/3
diagnosis	morphology	9194/3
diagnosis	morphology	9195/3
diagnosis	morphology	9200/0
diagnosis	morphology	9200/1
diagnosis	morphology	9210/0
diagnosis	morphology	9210/1
diagnosis	morphology	9220/0
diagnosis	morphology	9220/1
diagnosis	morphology	9220/3
diagnosis	morphology	9221/0
diagnosis	morphology	9221/3
diagnosis	morphology	9230/0
diagnosis	morphology	9230/3
diagnosis	morphology	9231/3
diagnosis	morphology	9240/3
diagnosis	morphology	9241/0
diagnosis	morphology	9242/3
diagnosis	morphology	9243/3
diagnosis	morphology	9250/1
diagnosis	morphology	9250/3
diagnosis	morphology	9251/1
diagnosis	morphology	9251/3
diagnosis	morphology	9252/0
diagnosis	morphology	9252/3
diagnosis	morphology	9260/3
diagnosis	morphology	9261/3
diagnosis	morphology	9262/0
diagnosis	morphology	9270/0
diagnosis	morphology	9270/1
diagnosis	morphology	9270/3
diagnosis	morphology	9271/0
diagnosis	morphology	9272/0
diagnosis	morphology	9273/0
diagnosis	morphology	9274/0
diagnosis	morphology	9275/0
diagnosis	morphology	9280/0
diagnosis	morphology	9281/0
diagnosis	morphology	9282/0
diagnosis	morphology	9290/0
diagnosis	morphology	9290/3
diagnosis	morphology	9300/0
diagnosis	morphology	9301/0
diagnosis	morphology	9302/0
diagnosis	morphology	9302/3
diagnosis	morphology	9310/0
diagnosis	morphology	9310/3
diagnosis	morphology	9311/0
diagnosis	morphology	9312/0
diagnosis	morphology	9320/0
diagnosis	morphology	9321/0
diagnosis	morphology	9322/0
diagnosis	morphology	9330/0
diagnosis	morphology	9330/3
diagnosis	morphology	9340/0
diagnosis	morphology	9341/1
diagnosis	morphology	9341/3
diagnosis	morphology	9342/3
diagnosis	morphology	9350/1
diagnosis	morphology	9351/1
diagnosis	morphology	9352/1
diagnosis	morphology	9360/1
diagnosis	morphology	9361/1
diagnosis	morphology	9362/3
diagnosis	morphology	9363/0
diagnosis	morphology	9364/3
diagnosis	morphology	9365/3
diagnosis	morphology	9370/3
diagnosis	morphology	9371/3
diagnosis	morphology	9372/3
diagnosis	morphology	9373/0
diagnosis	morphology	9380/3
diagnosis	morphology	9381/3
diagnosis	morphology	9382/3
diagnosis	morphology	9383/1
diagnosis	morphology	9384/1
diagnosis	morphology	9385/3
diagnosis	morphology	9390/0
diagnosis	morphology	9390/1
diagnosis	morphology	9390/3
diagnosis	morphology	9391/3
diagnosis	morphology	9392/3
diagnosis	morphology	9393/3
diagnosis	morphology	9394/1
diagnosis	morphology	9395/3
diagnosis	morphology	9396/3
diagnosis	morphology	9400/3
diagnosis	morphology	9401/3
diagnosis	morphology	9410/3
diagnosis	morphology	9411/3
diagnosis	morphology	9412/1
diagnosis	morphology	9413/0
diagnosis	morphology	9420/3
diagnosis	morphology	9421/1
diagnosis	morphology	9423/3
diagnosis	morphology	9424/3
diagnosis	morphology	9425/3
diagnosis	morphology	9430/3
diagnosis	morphology	9431/1
diagnosis	morphology	9432/1
diagnosis	morphology	9440/3
diagnosis	morphology	9441/3
diagnosis	morphology	9442/1
diagnosis	morphology	9442/3
diagnosis	morphology	9444/1
diagnosis	morphology	9445/3
diagnosis	morphology	9450/3
diagnosis	morphology	9451/3
diagnosis	morphology	9460/3
diagnosis	morphology	9470/3
diagnosis	morphology	9471/3
diagnosis	morphology	9472/3
diagnosis	morphology	9473/3
diagnosis	morphology	9474/3
diagnosis	morphology	9475/3
diagnosis	morphology	9476/3
diagnosis	morphology	9477/3
diagnosis	morphology	9478/3
diagnosis	morphology	9480/3
diagnosis	morphology	9490/0
diagnosis	morphology	9490/3
diagnosis	morphology	9491/0
diagnosis	morphology	9492/0
diagnosis	morphology	9493/0
diagnosis	morphology	9500/3
diagnosis	morphology	9501/0
diagnosis	morphology	9501/3
diagnosis	morphology	9502/0
diagnosis	morphology	9502/3
diagnosis	morphology	9503/3
diagnosis	morphology	9504/3
diagnosis	morphology	9505/1
diagnosis	morphology	9505/3
diagnosis	morphology	9506/1
diagnosis	morphology	9507/0
diagnosis	morphology	9508/3
diagnosis	morphology	9509/1
diagnosis	morphology	9510/0
diagnosis	morphology	9510/3
diagnosis	morphology	9511/3
diagnosis	morphology	9512/3
diagnosis	morphology	9513/3
diagnosis	morphology	9514/1
diagnosis	morphology	9520/3
diagnosis	morphology	9521/3
diagnosis	morphology	9522/3
diagnosis	morphology	9523/3
diagnosis	morphology	9530/0
diagnosis	morphology	9530/1
diagnosis	morphology	9530/3
diagnosis	morphology	9531/0
diagnosis	morphology	9532/0
diagnosis	morphology	9533/0
diagnosis	morphology	9534/0
diagnosis	morphology	9535/0
diagnosis	morphology	9537/0
diagnosis	morphology	9538/1
diagnosis	morphology	9538/3
diagnosis	morphology	9539/1
diagnosis	morphology	9539/3
diagnosis	morphology	9540/0
diagnosis	morphology	9540/1
diagnosis	morphology	9540/3
diagnosis	morphology	9541/0
diagnosis	morphology	9542/3
diagnosis	morphology	9550/0
diagnosis	morphology	9560/0
diagnosis	morphology	9560/1
diagnosis	morphology	9560/3
diagnosis	morphology	9561/3
diagnosis	morphology	9562/0
diagnosis	morphology	9570/0
diagnosis	morphology	9571/0
diagnosis	morphology	9571/3
diagnosis	morphology	9580/0
diagnosis	morphology	9580/3
diagnosis	morphology	9581/3
diagnosis	morphology	9582/0
diagnosis	morphology	9590/3
diagnosis	morphology	9591/3
diagnosis	morphology	9596/3
diagnosis	morphology	9597/3
diagnosis	morphology	9650/3
diagnosis	morphology	9651/3
diagnosis	morphology	9652/3
diagnosis	morphology	9653/3
diagnosis	morphology	9654/3
diagnosis	morphology	9655/3
diagnosis	morphology	9659/3
diagnosis	morphology	9661/3
diagnosis	morphology	9662/3
diagnosis	morphology	9663/3
diagnosis	morphology	9664/3
diagnosis	morphology	9665/3
diagnosis	morphology	9667/3
diagnosis	morphology	9670/3
diagnosis	morphology	9671/3
diagnosis	morphology	9673/3
diagnosis	morphology	9675/3
diagnosis	morphology	9678/3
diagnosis	morphology	9679/3
diagnosis	morphology	9680/3
diagnosis	morphology	9684/3
diagnosis	morphology	9687/3
diagnosis	morphology	9688/3
diagnosis	morphology	9689/3
diagnosis	morphology	9690/3
diagnosis	morphology	9691/3
diagnosis	morphology	9695/3
diagnosis	morphology	9698/3
diagnosis	morphology	9699/3
diagnosis	morphology	9700/3
diagnosis	morphology	9701/3
diagnosis	morphology	9702/3
diagnosis	morphology	9705/3
diagnosis	morphology	9708/3
diagnosis	morphology	9709/3
diagnosis	morphology	9712/3
diagnosis	morphology	9714/3
diagnosis	morphology	9716/3
diagnosis	morphology	9717/3
diagnosis	morphology	9718/3
diagnosis	morphology	9719/3
diagnosis	morphology	9724/3
diagnosis	morphology	9725/3
diagnosis	morphology	9726/3
diagnosis	morphology	9727/3
diagnosis	morphology	9728/3
diagnosis	morphology	9729/3
diagnosis	morphology	9731/3
diagnosis	morphology	9732/3
diagnosis	morphology	9733/3
diagnosis	morphology	9734/3
diagnosis	morphology	9735/3
diagnosis	morphology	9737/3
diagnosis	morphology	9738/3
diagnosis	morphology	9740/1
diagnosis	morphology	9740/3
diagnosis	morphology	9741/1
diagnosis	morphology	9741/3
diagnosis	morphology	9742/3
diagnosis	morphology	9750/3
diagnosis	morphology	9751/1
diagnosis	morphology	9751/3
diagnosis	morphology	9752/1
diagnosis	morphology	9753/1
diagnosis	morphology	9754/3
diagnosis	morphology	9755/3
diagnosis	morphology	9756/3
diagnosis	morphology	9757/3
diagnosis	morphology	9758/3
diagnosis	morphology	9759/3
diagnosis	morphology	9760/3
diagnosis	morphology	9761/3
diagnosis	morphology	9762/3
diagnosis	morphology	9764/3
diagnosis	morphology	9765/1
diagnosis	morphology	9766/1
diagnosis	morphology	9767/1
diagnosis	morphology	9768/1
diagnosis	morphology	9769/1
diagnosis	morphology	9800/3
diagnosis	morphology	9801/3
diagnosis	morphology	9805/3
diagnosis	morphology	9806/3
diagnosis	morphology	9807/3
diagnosis	morphology	9808/3
diagnosis	morphology	9809/3
diagnosis	morphology	9811/3
diagnosis	morphology	9812/3
diagnosis	morphology	9813/3
diagnosis	morphology	9814/3
diagnosis	morphology	9815/3
diagnosis	morphology	9816/3
diagnosis	morphology	9817/3
diagnosis	morphology	9818/3
diagnosis	morphology	9820/3
diagnosis	morphology	9823/3
diagnosis	morphology	9826/3
diagnosis	morphology	9827/3
diagnosis	morphology	9831/3
diagnosis	morphology	9832/3
diagnosis	morphology	9833/3
diagnosis	morphology	9834/3
diagnosis	morphology	9835/3
diagnosis	morphology	9836/3
diagnosis	morphology	9837/3
diagnosis	morphology	9840/3
diagnosis	morphology	9860/3
diagnosis	morphology	9861/3
diagnosis	morphology	9863/3
diagnosis	morphology	9865/3
diagnosis	morphology	9866/3
diagnosis	morphology	9867/3
diagnosis	morphology	9869/3
diagnosis	morphology	9870/3
diagnosis	morphology	9871/3
diagnosis	morphology	9872/3
diagnosis	morphology	9873/3
diagnosis	morphology	9874/3
diagnosis	morphology	9875/3
diagnosis	morphology	9876/3
diagnosis	morphology	9891/3
diagnosis	morphology	9895/3
diagnosis	morphology	9896/3
diagnosis	morphology	9897/3
diagnosis	morphology	9898/1
diagnosis	morphology	9898/3
diagnosis	morphology	9910/3
diagnosis	morphology	9911/3
diagnosis	morphology	9920/3
diagnosis	morphology	9930/3
diagnosis	morphology	9931/3
diagnosis	morphology	9940/3
diagnosis	morphology	9945/3
diagnosis	morphology	9946/3
diagnosis	morphology	9948/3
diagnosis	morphology	9950/3
diagnosis	morphology	9960/3
diagnosis	morphology	9961/3
diagnosis	morphology	9962/3
diagnosis	morphology	9963/3
diagnosis	morphology	9964/3
diagnosis	morphology	9965/3
diagnosis	morphology	9966/3
diagnosis	morphology	9967/3
diagnosis	morphology	9970/1
diagnosis	morphology	9971/1
diagnosis	morphology	9971/3
diagnosis	morphology	9975/3
diagnosis	morphology	9980/3
diagnosis	morphology	9982/3
diagnosis	morphology	9983/3
diagnosis	morphology	9984/3
diagnosis	morphology	9985/3
diagnosis	morphology	9986/3
diagnosis	morphology	9987/3
diagnosis	morphology	9989/3
diagnosis	morphology	9991/3
diagnosis	morphology	9992/3
diagnosis	morphology	Not Reported
diagnosis	morphology	Unknown
diagnosis	new_event_anatomic_site	STRING
diagnosis	new_event_type	STRING
diagnosis	non_nodal_regional_disease	Absent
diagnosis	non_nodal_regional_disease	Indeterminate
diagnosis	non_nodal_regional_disease	Not Reported
diagnosis	non_nodal_regional_disease	Present
diagnosis	non_nodal_regional_disease	Unknown
diagnosis	non_nodal_tumor_deposits	No
diagnosis	non_nodal_tumor_deposits	Not Reported
diagnosis	non_nodal_tumor_deposits	Unknown
diagnosis	non_nodal_tumor_deposits	Yes
diagnosis	ovarian_specimen_status	Not Reported
diagnosis	ovarian_specimen_status	Ovarian Capsule Fragmented
diagnosis	ovarian_specimen_status	Ovarian Capsule Intact
diagnosis	ovarian_specimen_status	Ovarian Capsule Ruptured
diagnosis	ovarian_specimen_status	Unknown
diagnosis	ovarian_surface_involvement	Absent
diagnosis	ovarian_surface_involvement	Indeterminate
diagnosis	ovarian_surface_involvement	Not Reported
diagnosis	ovarian_surface_involvement	Present
diagnosis	ovarian_surface_involvement	Unknown
diagnosis	overall_survival	STRING
diagnosis	pathology_report	No
diagnosis	pathology_report	Yes
diagnosis	percent_tumor_invasion	NUMBER
diagnosis	perineural_invasion_present	No
diagnosis	perineural_invasion_present	Not Reported
diagnosis	perineural_invasion_present	Unknown
diagnosis	perineural_invasion_present	Yes
diagnosis	peripancreatic_lymph_nodes_positive	0
diagnosis	peripancreatic_lymph_nodes_positive	1-3
diagnosis	peripancreatic_lymph_nodes_positive	4 or More
diagnosis	peripancreatic_lymph_nodes_positive	Not Reported
diagnosis	peripancreatic_lymph_nodes_positive	Unknown
diagnosis	peripancreatic_lymph_nodes_tested	NUMBER
diagnosis	peritoneal_fluid_cytological_status	Atypical
diagnosis	peritoneal_fluid_cytological_status	Malignant
diagnosis	peritoneal_fluid_cytological_status	Non-Malignant
diagnosis	peritoneal_fluid_cytological_status	Not Reported
diagnosis	peritoneal_fluid_cytological_status	Unknown
diagnosis	peritoneal_fluid_cytological_status	Unsatisfactory
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	ACTH-producing tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	AIN III
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	ALK positive large B-cell lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	AML M6
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Abdominal desmoid
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Abdominal fibromatosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Achromic nevus
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acidophil adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acidophil adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acidophil carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acinar adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acinar adenocarcinoma, sarcomatoid
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acinar adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acinar carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acinar cell adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acinar cell carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acinar cell cystadenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acinar cell tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acinic cell adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acinic cell adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acinic cell tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acoustic neuroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acquired cystic disease-associated renal cell carcinoma (RCC)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acquired tufted hemangioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acral lentiginous melanoma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute basophilic leukaemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute bilineal leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute biphenotypic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute erythremia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute erythremic myelosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute erythroid leukaemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute granulocytic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute leukemia, Burkitt type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute leukemia, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute lymphatic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute lymphoblastic leukemia, L2 type, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute lymphoblastic leukemia, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute lymphoblastic leukemia, mature B-cell type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute lymphoblastic leukemia, precursor cell type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute lymphoblastic leukemia-lymphoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute lymphocytic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute lymphoid leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute megakaryoblastic leukaemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute mixed lineage leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute monoblastic and monocytic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute monoblastic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute monocytic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloblastic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myelocytic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myelofibrosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myelogenous leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukaemia, t(8;21)(q22;q22)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia (megakaryoblastic) with t(1;22)(p13;q13); RBM15-MKL1
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia with abnormal marrow eosinophils (includes all variants)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia with inv(3)(q21q26.2) or t(3;3)(q21;q26.2); RPN1-EVI1
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia with maturation
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia with multilineage dysplasia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia with mutated CEBPA
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia with mutated NPM1
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia with myelodysplasia-related changes
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia with prior myelodysplastic syndrome
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia with t(6;9)(p23;q34); DEK-NUP214
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia with t(8;21)(q22;q22); RUNX1-RUNX1T1
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia with t(9;11)(p22;q23); MLLT3-MLL
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia without maturation
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia without prior myelodysplastic syndrome
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia, AML1(CBF-alpha)/ETO
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia, CBF-beta/MYH11
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia, M6 type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia, MLL
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia, PML/RAR-alpha
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia, inv(16)(p13;q22)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia, minimal differentiation
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia, t(15:17)(g22;q11-12)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myeloid leukemia, t(16;16)(p 13;q 11)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myelomonocytic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myelomonocytic leukemia with abnormal eosinophils
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myelosclerosis, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute myloid leukemia, 11q23 abnormalities
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute non-lymphocytic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute panmyelosis with myelofibrosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute panmyelosis, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute progressive histiocytosis X
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute promyelocytic leukaemia, PML-RAR-alpha
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute promyelocytic leukaemia, t(15;17)(q22;q11-12)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Acute promyelocytic leukemia, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adamantinoma of long bones
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adamantinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adamantinoma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenoacanthoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenoameloblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoid tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma admixed with neuroendocrine carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma combined with other types of carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma in a polyp, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma in adenomatous polyp
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma in adenomatous polyposis coli
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma in multiple adenomatous polyps
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma in polypoid adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma in situ in a polyp, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma in situ in adenomatous polyp
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma in situ in polypoid adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma in situ in tubular adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma in situ in tubulovillous adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma in situ in villous adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma in situ, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma in situ, mucinous
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma in situ, non-mucinous
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma in tubolovillous adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma in tubular adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma in villous adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma of anal ducts
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma of anal glands
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma of rete ovarii
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma with apocrine metaplasia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma with cartilaginous and osseous metaplasia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma with cartilaginous metaplasia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma with mixed subtypes
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma with neuroendocrine differentiation
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma with osseous metaplasia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma with spindle cell metaplasia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma with squamous metaplasia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma, cribriform comedo-type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma, cylindroid
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma, diffuse type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma, endocervical type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma, intestinal type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma, metastatic, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocarcinoma, pancreatobiliary type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenocystic carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenofibroma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenoid basal carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenoid cystic carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenolipoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenolymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenoma of nipple
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenomatoid odontogenic tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenomatoid tumor, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenomatosis, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenomatous polyp, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenomatous polyposis coli
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenomyoepithelioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenomyoepithelioma with carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenomyoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adenosquamous carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adnexal carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adnexal tumor, benign
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adrenal cortical adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adrenal cortical adenoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adrenal cortical adenoma, clear cell
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adrenal cortical adenoma, compact cell
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adrenal cortical adenoma, glomerulosa cell
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adrenal cortical adenoma, mixed cell
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adrenal cortical adenoma, pigmented
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adrenal cortical carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adrenal cortical tumor, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adrenal cortical tumor, benign
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adrenal cortical tumor, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adrenal medullary paraganglioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adrenal medullary paraganglioma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adrenal rest tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adult T-cell leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma (HTLV-1 positive) (includes all variants)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adult T-cell lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adult T-cell lymphoma/leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adult cystic teratoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adult granulosa cell tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adult rhabdomyoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Adult teratoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Aggressive NK-cell leukaemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Aggressive angiomyxoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Aggressive digital papillary adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Aggressive fibromatosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Aggressive osteoblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Aggressive systemic mastocytosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Agnogenic myeloid metaplasia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Aleukemic granulocytic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Aleukemic leukemia, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Aleukemic lymphatic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Aleukemic lymphocytic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Aleukemic lymphoid leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Aleukemic monocytic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Aleukemic myelogenous leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Aleukemic myeloid leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Alpha cell tumor, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Alpha cell tumor, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Alpha heavy chain disease
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Alveolar adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Alveolar adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Alveolar carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Alveolar cell carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Alveolar soft part sarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Amelanotic melanoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ameloblastic carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ameloblastic fibro-odontoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ameloblastic fibro-odontosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ameloblastic fibrodentinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ameloblastic fibrodentinosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ameloblastic fibroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ameloblastic fibrosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ameloblastic odontosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ameloblastic sarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ameloblastoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ameloblastoma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Anal intraepithelial neoplasia, grade III
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Anal intraepithelial neoplasia, low grade
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Anaplastic astrocytoma, IDH-mutant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Anaplastic astrocytoma, IDH-wildtype
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Anaplastic large B-cell lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Anaplastic large cell lymphoma, ALK negative
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Anaplastic large cell lymphoma, ALK positive
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Anaplastic large cell lymphoma, CD30+
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Anaplastic large cell lymphoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Anaplastic large cell lymphoma, T cell and Null cell type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Anaplastic medulloblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Anaplastic oligoastrocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Anaplastic oligodendroglioma, IDH-mutant and 1p/19q-codeleted
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Anaplastic pleomorphic xanthroastrocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ancient schwannoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Androblastoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Androblastoma, benign
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Androblastoma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angioblastic meningioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angioblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angiocentric T-cell lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angiocentric glioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angiocentric immunoproliferative lesion
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angioendothelioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angioendotheliomatosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angiofibroma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angioimmunoblastic lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angiokeratoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angioleiomyoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angiolipoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angioma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angiomatoid fibrous histiocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angiomatous meningioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angiomyofibroblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angiomyolipoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angiomyoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angiomyosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angiomyxoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angiosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Angiotropic lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Aortic body paraganglioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Aortic body tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Aorticopulmonary paraganglioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Apocrine adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Apocrine adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Apocrine cystadenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Apudoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Argentaffinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Argentaffinoma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Arrhenoblastoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Arrhenoblastoma, benign
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Arrhenoblastoma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Arteriovenous hemangioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Askin tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Astroblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Astrocytic glioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Astrocytoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Astrocytoma, anaplastic
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Astrocytoma, low grade
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Astroglioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical carcinoid tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical choroid plexus papilloma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical chronic myeloid leukemia, BCR/ABL negative
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical chronic myeloid leukemia, Philadelphia chromosome (Ph1) negative
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical fibrous histiocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical fibroxanthoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical follicular adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical hyperplasia/Endometrioid intraepithelial neoplasm
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical leiomyoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical lipoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical medullary carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical meningioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical polypoid adenomyoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical proliferating clear cell tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical proliferating serous tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical proliferative endometrioid tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical proliferative mucinous tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical proliferative papillary serous tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Atypical teratoid/rhabdoid tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	B cell lymphoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	B lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with hyperdiploidy
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	B lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with hypodiploidy (Hypodiploid ALL)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	B lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(12;21)(p13;q22); TEL-AML1 (ETV6-RUNX1)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	B lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(1;19)(q23;p13.3); E2A-PBX1 (TCF3-PBX1)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	B lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(5;14)(q31;q32); IL3-IGH
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	B lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(9;22)(q34;q11.2); BCR-ABL1
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	B lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma with t(v;11q23); MLL rearranged
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	B lymphoblastic leukemia/lymphoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	B-ALL
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	B-cell lymphocytic leukemia/small lymphocytic lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	B-cell lymphoma, unclassifiable, with features intermediate between diffuse large B-cell lymphoma and Burkitt lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	B-cell lymphoma, unclassifiable, with features intermediate between diffuse large B-cell lymphoma and classical Hodgkin lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	BALT lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Balloon cell melanoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Balloon cell nevus
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Basal cell adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Basal cell adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Basal cell carcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Basal cell carcinoma, desmoplastic type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Basal cell carcinoma, fibroepithelial
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Basal cell carcinoma, micronodular
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Basal cell carcinoma, morpheic
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Basal cell carcinoma, nodular
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Basal cell epithelioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Basal cell tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Basaloid carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Basaloid squamous cell carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Basophil adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Basophil adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Basophil carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Basosquamous carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bednar tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bellini duct carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Benign cystic nephroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Benign fibrous histiocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Beta cell adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Beta cell tumor, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bile duct adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bile duct adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bile duct carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bile duct cystadenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bile duct cystadenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Biliary intraepithelial neoplasia, grade 3
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Biliary intraepithelial neoplasia, high grade
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Biliary intraepithelial neoplasia, low grade
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Biliary papillomatosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Biphenotypic sinonasal sarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bizarre leiomyoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Black adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Blast cell leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Blastic NK cell lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Blastic plasmacytoid dendritic cell neoplasm
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Blastoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Blue nevus, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Blue nevus, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Botryoid sarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bowen disease
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Brenner tumor, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Brenner tumor, borderline malignancy
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Brenner tumor, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Brenner tumor, proliferating
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bronchial adenoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bronchial adenoma, carcinoid
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bronchial adenoma, cylindroid
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bronchial-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bronchio-alveolar carcinoma, mixed mucinous and non-mucinous
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bronchio-alveolar carcinoma, mucinous
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bronchiolar adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bronchiolar carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bronchiolo-alveolar adenocarcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bronchiolo-alveolar carcinoma, Clara cell
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bronchiolo-alveolar carcinoma, Clara cell and goblet cell type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bronchiolo-alveolar carcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bronchiolo-alveolar carcinoma, goblet cell type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bronchiolo-alveolar carcinoma, indeterminate type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bronchiolo-alveolar carcinoma, non-mucinous
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bronchiolo-alveolar carcinoma, type II pneumocyte and goblet cell type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Bronchiolo-alveolar carcinoma; type II pneumocyte
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Brooke tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Brown fat tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Burkitt cell leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Burkitt lymphoma, NOS (Includes all variants)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Burkitt tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Burkitt-like lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	C cell carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	CASTLE
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	CIN III with severe dysplasia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	CNS Embryonal tumor with rhabdoid features
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	CPNET
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Calcifying epithelial odontogenic tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Calcifying epithelioma of Malherbe
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Calcifying nested epithelial stromal tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Calcifying odontogenic cyst
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Canalicular adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cancer
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Capillary hemangioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Capillary lymphangioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinofibroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoid tumor of uncertain malignant potential
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoid tumor, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoid tumor, NOS, of appendix
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoid tumor, argentaffin, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoid tumor, argentaffin, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoid, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoid, NOS, of appendix
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma in a polyp, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma in adenomatous polyp
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma in pleomorphic adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma in situ in a polyp, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma in situ in adenomatous polyp
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma in situ, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma showing thymus-like differentiation
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma showing thymus-like element
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma simplex
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma with apocrine metaplasia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma with chondroid differentiation
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma with neuroendocrine differentiation
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma with osseous differentiation
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma with osteoclast-like giant cells
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma with other types mesenchymal differentiation
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma with productive fibrosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma, anaplastic, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma, diffuse type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma, intestinal type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma, metastatic, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinoma, undifferentiated, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinomatosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinosarcoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carcinosarcoma, embryonal
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carotid body paraganglioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Carotid body tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cartilaginous exostosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cavernous hemangioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cavernous lymphangioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cellular angiofibroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cellular blue nevus
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cellular ependymoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cellular fibroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cellular leiomyoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cellular schwannoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cementifying fibroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cemento-ossifying fibroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cementoblastoma, benign
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cementoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Central neuroblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Central neurocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Central odontogenic fibroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Central osteosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Central primitive neuroectodermal tumor, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cerebellar liponeurocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cerebellar sarcoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ceruminous adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ceruminous adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ceruminous carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia, grade III
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia, low grade
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chemodectoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chief cell adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chloroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cholangiocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cholangioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chondroblastic osteosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chondroblastoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chondroblastoma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chondroid chordoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chondroid lipoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chondroid syringoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chondroma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chondromatosis, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chondromatous giant cell tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chondromyxoid fibroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chondrosarcoma grade 2/3
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chondrosarcoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chordoid glioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chordoid glioma of third ventricle
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chordoid meningioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chordoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chorioadenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chorioadenoma destruens
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chorioangioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Choriocarcinoma combined with embryonal carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Choriocarcinoma combined with other germ cell elements
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Choriocarcinoma combined with teratorna
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Choriocarcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chorioepithelioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chorionepithelioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Choroid plexus carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Choroid plexus papilloma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Choroid plexus papilloma, anaplastic
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Choroid plexus papilloma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chromaffin paraganglioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chromaffin tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chromaffinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chromophobe adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chromophobe adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chromophobe carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chromophobe cell renal carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic eosinophilic leukemia, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic erythremia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic granulocytic leukemia, BCR/ABL
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic granulocytic leukemia, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic granulocytic leukemia, Philadelphia chromosome (Ph1) positive
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic granulocytic leukemia, t(9;22)(q34;q11)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic idiopathic myelofibrosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic leukemia, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic lymphatic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic lymphocytic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic lymphocytic leukemia, B-cell type (includes all variants of BCLL)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic lymphoid leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic lymphoproliferative disorder of NK cells
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic monocytic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic myelocytic leukemia, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic myelogenous leukemia, BCR-ABL positive
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic myelogenous leukemia, Philadelphia chromosome (Ph 1) positive
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic myelogenous leukemia, t(9;22)(q34;q11)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic myeloid leukemia, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic myelomonocytic leukemia in transformation
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic myelomonocytic leukemia, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic myelomonocytic leukemia, Type 1
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic myelomonocytic leukemia, Type II
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic myeloproliferative disease, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic myeloproliferative disorder
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Chronic neutrophilic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cin III, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Circumscribed arachnoidal cerebellar sarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Classical Hodgkin lymphoma, lymphocyte depletion, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Classical Hodgkin lymphoma, lymphocyte depletion, diffuse fibrosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Classical Hodgkin lymphoma, lymphocyte depletion, reticular
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Classical Hodgkin lymphoma, lymphocyte-rich
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Classical Hodgkin lymphoma, mixed cellularity, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Classical Hodgkin lymphoma, nodular sclerosis, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Classical Hodgkin lymphoma, nodular sclerosis, cellular phase
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Classical Hodgkin lymphoma, nodular sclerosis, grade 1
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Classical Hodgkin lymphoma, nodular sclerosis, grade 2
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell (glycogen-rich) urothelial carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell adenocarcinofibroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell adenocarcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell adenocarcinoma, mesonephroid
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell adenofibroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell adenofibroma of borderline malignancy
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell chondrosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell cystadenocarcinofibroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell cystadenofibroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell cystadenofibroma of borderline malignancy
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell cystadenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell cystic tumor of borderline malignancy
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell ependymoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell hidradenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell meningioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell odontogenic carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell odontogenic tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell sarcoma of kidney
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell sarcoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell sarcoma, of tendons and aponeuroses
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Clear cell tumor, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cloacogenic carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Codman tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Collecting duct carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Colloid adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Colloid adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Colloid carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Columnar cell papilloma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Combined carcinoid and adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Combined hepatocellular carcinoma and cholangiocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Combined large cell neuroendocrine carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Combined small cell carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Combined small cell-adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Combined small cell-large carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Combined small cell-squamous cell carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Combined/mixed carcinoid and adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Comedocarcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Comedocarcinoma, noninfiltrating
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Common ALL
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Common precursor B ALL
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Complete hydatidiform mole
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Complex odontoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Composite Hodgkin and non-Hodgkin lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Composite carcinoid
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Compound nevus
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Compound odontoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Condylomatous carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Congenital fibrosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Congenital generalized fibromatosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Congenital peribronchial myofibroblastic tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Conventional central osteosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cortical T ALL
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Craniopharyngioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Craniopharyngioma, adamantinomatous
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Craniopharyngioma, papillary
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cribriform carcinoma in situ
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cribriform carcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cribriform comedo-type carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cutaneous T-cell lymphoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cutaneous histiocytoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cutaneous lymphoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cutaneous mastocytosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cylindrical cell carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cylindrical cell papilloma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cylindroma of skin
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cylindroma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cyst-associated renal cell carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cystadenocarcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cystadenofibroma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cystadenoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cystic astrocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cystic hygroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cystic hypersecretory carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cystic lymphangioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cystic mesothelioma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cystic mesothelioma, benign
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cystic partially differentiated nephroblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cystic teratoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cystic tumor of atrio-ventricular node
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cystoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cystosarcoma phyllodes, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cystosarcoma phyllodes, benign
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Cystosarcoma phyllodes, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	DCIS, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	DCIS, comedo type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	DCIS, papillary
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	DIN 3
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dabska tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dedifferentiated chondrosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dedifferentiated chordoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dedifferentiated liposarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Deep histiocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Degenerated schwannoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dendritic cell sarcoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dentinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dermal and epidermal nevus
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dermal nevus
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dermatofibroma lenticulare
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dermatofibroma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dermatofibrosarcoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dermoid cyst with malignant transformation
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dermoid cyst with secondary tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dermoid cyst, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dermoid, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Desmoid, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Desmoplastic fibroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Desmoplastic infantile astrocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Desmoplastic infantile ganglioglioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Desmoplastic medulloblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Desmoplastic melanoma, amelanotic
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Desmoplastic melanoma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Desmoplastic mesothelioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Desmoplastic nodular medulloblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Desmoplastic small round cell tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Di Guglielmo disease
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Differentiated penile intraepithelial neoplasia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Differentiated-type vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Diffuse astrocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Diffuse astrocytoma, IDH-mutant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Diffuse astrocytoma, IDH-wildtype
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Diffuse astrocytoma, low grade
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Diffuse cutaneous mastocytosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Diffuse intraductal papillomatosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma associated with chronic inflammation
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Diffuse leptomeningeal glioneuronal tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Diffuse melanocytosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Diffuse meningiomatosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Diffuse midline glioma, H3 K27M-mutant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Digital papillary adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Diktyoma, benign
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Diktyoma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Duct adenocarcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Duct adenoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Duct carcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Duct carcinoma, desmoplastic type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Duct cell carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ductal carcinoma in situ, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ductal carcinoma in situ, comedo type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ductal carcinoma in situ, cribriform type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ductal carcinoma in situ, micropapillary
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ductal carcinoma in situ, papillary
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ductal carcinoma in situ, solid type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ductal carcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ductal carcinoma, cribriform type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ductal intraepithelial neoplasia 3
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ductal papilloma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dysgerminoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dysplastic gangliocytoma of cerebellum (Lhermitte-Duclos)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Dysplastic nevus
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	EBV positive diffuse large B-cell lymphoma of the elderly
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	EC cell carcinoid
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	ECL cell carcinoid, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	ECL cell carcinoid, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ecchondroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ecchondrosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Eccrine acrospiroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Eccrine adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Eccrine cystadenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Eccrine dermal cylindroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Eccrine papillary adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Eccrine papillary adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Eccrine poroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Eccrine poroma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Eccrine spiradenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ectomesenchymoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ectopic hamartomatous thymoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Elastofibroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Embryonal adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Embryonal adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Embryonal carcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Embryonal carcinoma, infantile
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Embryonal carcinoma, polyembryonal type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Embryonal hepatoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma, pleomorphic
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Embryonal sarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Embryonal teratoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Embryonal tumor with multilayered rosettes C19MC-altered
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Embryonal tumor with multilayered rosettes, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Embryonal tumor with rhabdoid features
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Encapsulated follicular variant of papillary thyroid carcinoma, NOS (EFVPTC, NOS)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Encapsulated papillary carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Encapsulated papillary carcinoma with invasion
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Enchondroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endocervical adenocarcinoma usual type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endocrine adenomatosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endocrine tumor, functioning, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endodermal sinus tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endolymphatic stromal myosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrial sarcoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrial stromal nodule
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrial stromal sarcoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrial stromal sarcoma, high grade
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrial stromal sarcoma, low grade
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrial stromatosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrioid adenocarcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrioid adenocarcinoma, ciliated cell variant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrioid adenocarcinoma, secretory variant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrioid adenocarcinoma, villoglandular
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrioid adenofibroma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrioid adenofibroma, borderline malignancy
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrioid adenofibroma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrioid adenoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrioid adenoma, borderline malignancy
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrioid carcinoma with squamous differentiation
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrioid carcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrioid cystadenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrioid cystadenofibroma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrioid cystadenofibroma, borderline malignancy
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrioid cystadenofibroma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrioid cystadenoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrioid cystadenoma, borderline malignancy
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endometrioid tumor of low malignant potential
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endotheliomatous meningioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Endovascular papillary angioendothelioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Enteric adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Enterochromaffin cell carcinoid
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Enterochromaffin-like cell carcinoid, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Enterochromaffin-like cell tumor, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Enteroglucagonoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Enteroglucagonoma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Enteropathy associated T-cell lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Enteropathy type intestinal T-cell lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Eosinophil adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Eosinophil adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Eosinophil carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Eosinophilic granuloma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Eosinophilic leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ependymoblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ependymoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ependymoma, RELA fusion-positive
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ependymoma, anaplastic
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epidermoid carcinoma in situ with questionable stromal invasion
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epidermoid carcinoma in situ, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epidermoid carcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epidermoid carcinoma, keratinizing
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epidermoid carcinoma, large cell, nonkeratinizing
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epidermoid carcinoma, small cell, nonkeratinizing
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epidermoid carcinoma, spindle cell
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelial ependymoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelial tumor, benign
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelial tumor, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelial-myoepithelial carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioid MPNST
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioid and spindle cell nevus
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioid cell melanoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioid cell nevus
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioid cell sarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioid glioblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioid hemangioendothelioma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioid hemangioendothelioma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioid hemangioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioid leiomyoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioid leiomyosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioid malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioid mesothelioma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioid mesothelioma, benign
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioid mesothelioma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioid sarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioma adenoides cysticum
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioma, benign
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Epithelioma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Erythremic myelosis, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Erythroleukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Esophageal glandular dysplasia (intraepithelial neoplasia), high grade
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Esophageal glandular dysplasia (intraepithelial neoplasia), low grade
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Esophageal intraepithelial neoplasia, high grade
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Esophageal squamous intraepithelial neoplasia (dysplasia), high grade
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Esophageal squamous intraepithelial neoplasia (dysplasia), low grade
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Essential hemorrhagic thrombocythaemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Essential thrombocythemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Esthesioneuroblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Esthesioneurocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Esthesioneuroepithelioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ewing sarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ewing tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Extra-abdominal desmoid
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Extra-adrenal paraganglioma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Extra-adrenal paraganglioma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Extracutaneous mastocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Extranodal NK/T-cell lymphoma, nasal type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Extranodal marginal zone lymphoma of mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Extraosseous plasmacytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Extraventricular neurocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	FAB L2
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	FAB L3
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	FAB Ll
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	FAB M1
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	FAB M2, AML1(CBF-alpha)/ETO
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	FAB M2, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	FAB M2, t(8;21)(q22;q22)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	FAB M3 (includes all variants)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	FAB M4
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	FAB M4Eo
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	FAB M5 (includes all variants)
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	FAB M6
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	FAB M7
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	FAB MO
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Familial polyposis coli
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fascial fibroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fascial fibrosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fetal adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fetal adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fetal fat cell lipoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fetal lipoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fetal lipomatosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fetal rhabdomyoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibrillary astrocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibro-osteoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibroadenoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibroameloblastic odontoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibroblastic liposarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibroblastic meningioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibroblastic osteosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibroblastic reticular cell tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibrochondrosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibroepithelial basal cell carcinoma, Pinkus type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibroepithelioma of Pinkus type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibroepithelioma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibrofolliculoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibroid uterus
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibrolipoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibroliposarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibroma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibromatosis-like metaplastic carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibromyoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibromyxolipoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibromyxoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibromyxosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibrosarcoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibrosarcomatous dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibrous astrocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibrous histiocytoma of tendon sheath
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibrous histiocytoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibrous meningioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibrous mesothelioma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibrous mesothelioma, benign
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibrous mesothelioma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibrous papule of nose
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibroxanthoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Fibroxanthoma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Flat adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Flat intraepithelial glandular neoplasia, high grade
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Flat intraepithelial neoplasia, high grade
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Florid osseous dysplasia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular adenocarcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular adenocarcinoma, moderately differentiated
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular adenocarcinoma, trabecular
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular adenocarcinoma, well differentiated
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular adenoma, oxyphilic cell
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular carcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular carcinoma, encapsulated
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular carcinoma, minimally invasive
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular carcinoma, moderately differentiated
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular carcinoma, oxyphilic cell
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular carcinoma, trabecular
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular carcinoma, well differentiated
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular dendritic cell sarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular dendritic cell tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular fibroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular lymphoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular lymphoma, grade 1
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular lymphoma, grade 2
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular lymphoma, grade 3
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular lymphoma, grade 3A
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular lymphoma, grade 3B
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular lymphoma, small cleaved cell
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Follicular thyroid carcinoma (FTC), encapsulated angioinvasive
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Folliculome lipidique
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Franklin disease
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	G cell tumor, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	G cell tumor, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	GANT
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	GIST, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	GIST, benign
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	GIST, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gamma heavy chain disease
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gangliocytic paraganglioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gangliocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ganglioglioma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ganglioglioma, anaplastic
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ganglioneuroblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ganglioneuroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ganglioneuromatosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gastrin cell tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gastrin cell tumor, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gastrinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gastrinoma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gastrointestinal autonomic nerve tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gastrointestinal pacemaker cell tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gastrointestinal stromal sarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gastrointestinal stromal tumor, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gastrointestinal stromal tumor, benign
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gastrointestinal stromal tumor, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gastrointestinal stromal tumor, uncertain malignant potential
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gelatinous adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gelatinous carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gemistocytic astrocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gemistocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Genital rhabdomyoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Germ cell tumor, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Germ cell tumor, nonseminomatous
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Germ cell tumors with associated hematological malignancy
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Germinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Ghost cell odontogenic carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Giant cell and spindle cell carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Giant cell angiofibroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Giant cell carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Giant cell fibroblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Giant cell glioblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Giant cell sarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Giant cell sarcoma of bone
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Giant cell tumor of bone, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Giant cell tumor of bone, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Giant cell tumor of soft parts, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Giant cell tumor of tendon sheath
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Giant cell tumor of tendon sheath, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Giant fibroadenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Giant osteoid osteoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Giant pigmented nevus, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gigantiform cementoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glandular intraepithelial neoplasia, grade I
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glandular intraepithelial neoplasia, grade II
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glandular intraepithelial neoplasia, grade III
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glandular intraepithelial neoplasia, high grade
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glandular intraepithelial neoplasia, low grade
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glandular papilloma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glassy cell carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glioblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glioblastoma multiforme
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glioblastoma with sarcomatous component
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glioblastoma, IDH wildtype
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glioblastoma, IDH-mutant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gliofibroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glioma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glioma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gliomatosis cerebri
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glioneuroma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gliosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glomangioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glomangiomyoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glomangiosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glomoid sarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glomus jugulare tumor, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glomus tumor, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glomus tumor, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glucagon-like peptide-producing tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glucagonoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glucagonoma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glycogen-rich carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Glycogenic rhabdomyoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Goblet cell carcinoid
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gonadal stromal tumor, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gonadoblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gonocytoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Granular cell adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Granular cell carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Granular cell myoblastoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Granular cell myoblastoma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Granular cell tumor of the sellar region
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Granular cell tumor, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Granular cell tumor, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Granulocytic leukemia, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Granulocytic sarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Granulosa cell carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Granulosa cell tumor, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Granulosa cell tumor, adult type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Granulosa cell tumor, juvenile
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Granulosa cell tumor, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Granulosa cell tumor, sarcomatoid
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Granulosa cell-theca cell tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Grawitz tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Gynandroblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Haemangioblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Haemangiosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hairy cell leukaemia variant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hairy cell leukemia
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hairy cell leukemia variant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hairy nevus
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Halo nevus
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hand-Schuller-Christian disease
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Heavy chain disease, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hemangioblastic meningioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hemangioendothelial sarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hemangioendothelioma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hemangioendothelioma, benign
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hemangioendothelioma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hemangioma simplex
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hemangioma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hemangiopericytic meningioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hemangiopericytoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hemangiopericytoma, benign
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hemangiopericytoma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hemolymphangioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatoblastoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatoblastoma, epithelioid
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatoblastoma, mixed epithelial-mesenchymal
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatocellular adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatocellular carcinoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatocellular carcinoma, clear cell type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatocellular carcinoma, fibrolamellar
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatocellular carcinoma, pleomorphic type
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatocellular carcinoma, sarcomatoid
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatocellular carcinoma, scirrhous
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatocellular carcinoma, spindle cell variant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatocholangiocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatoid adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatoid carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatoid yolk sac tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatoma, benign
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatoma, malignant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatosplenic T-cell lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hepatosplenic gamma-delta cell lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hereditary leiomyomatosis & RCC-associated renal cell carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hibernoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hidradenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hidradenoma papilliferum
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hidradenoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hidrocystoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	High grade surface osteosarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	High-grade neuroendocrine carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	High-grade serous carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hilar cell tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hilus cell tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Histiocyte-rich large B-cell lymphoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Histiocytic medullary reticulosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Histiocytic sarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Histiocytoid hemangioma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Histiocytoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Histiocytosis X, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin disease, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin disease, lymphocyte predominance, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin disease, lymphocyte predominance, diffuse
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin disease, lymphocytic-histiocytic predominance
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin disease, nodular sclerosis, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin disease, nodular sclerosis, lymphocyte depletion
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin disease, nodular sclerosis, lymphocyte predominance
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin disease, nodular sclerosis, mixed cellularity
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin disease, nodular sclerosis, syncytial variant
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin granuloma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin lymphoma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin lymphoma, lymphocyte depletion, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin lymphoma, lymphocyte depletion, diffuse fibrosis
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin lymphoma, lymphocyte depletion, reticular
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin lymphoma, lymphocyte predominance, nodular
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin lymphoma, lymphocyte-rich
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin lymphoma, mixed cellularity, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin lymphoma, nodular lymphocyte predominance
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin lymphoma, nodular sclerosis, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin lymphoma, nodular sclerosis, cellular phase
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin lymphoma, nodular sclerosis, grade 1
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin lymphoma, nodular sclerosis, grade 2
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin paragranuloma, NOS
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin paragranuloma, nodular
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hodgkin sarcoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hurthle cell adenocarcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hurthle cell adenoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hurthle cell carcinoma
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hurthle cell tumor
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	Hutchinson
diagnosis	primary_diagnosis	c-ALL
diagnosis	primary_gleason_grade	Pattern 1
diagnosis	primary_gleason_grade	Pattern 2
diagnosis	primary_gleason_grade	Pattern 3
diagnosis	primary_gleason_grade	Pattern 4
diagnosis	primary_gleason_grade	Pattern 5
diagnosis	prior_malignancy	Not Allowed To Collect
diagnosis	prior_malignancy	no
diagnosis	prior_malignancy	not reported
diagnosis	prior_malignancy	unknown
diagnosis	prior_malignancy	yes
diagnosis	prior_treatment	No
diagnosis	prior_treatment	Not Allowed To Collect
diagnosis	prior_treatment	Not Reported
diagnosis	prior_treatment	Unknown
diagnosis	prior_treatment	Yes
diagnosis	progression_free_survival	STRING
diagnosis	progression_free_survival_event	STRING
diagnosis	progression_or_recurrence	No
diagnosis	progression_or_recurrence	Not Reported
diagnosis	progression_or_recurrence	Unknown
diagnosis	progression_or_recurrence	Yes
diagnosis	residual_disease	Not Reported
diagnosis	residual_disease	R0
diagnosis	residual_disease	R1
diagnosis	residual_disease	R2
diagnosis	residual_disease	RX
diagnosis	residual_disease	Unknown
diagnosis	secondary_gleason_grade	Pattern 1
diagnosis	secondary_gleason_grade	Pattern 2
diagnosis	secondary_gleason_grade	Pattern 3
diagnosis	secondary_gleason_grade	Pattern 4
diagnosis	secondary_gleason_grade	Pattern 5
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Abdomen, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Abdominal esophagus
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Accessory sinus, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Acoustic nerve
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Adrenal gland, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Ampulla of Vater
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Anal canal
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Anterior 2/3 of tongue, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Anterior floor of mouth
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Anterior mediastinum
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Anterior surface of epiglottis
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Anterior wall of bladder
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Anterior wall of nasopharynx
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Anus, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Aortic body and other paraganglia
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Appendix
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Ascending colon
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Autonomic nervous system, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Axillary tail of breast
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Base of tongue, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Biliary tract, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Bladder neck
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Bladder, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Blood
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Body of pancreas
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Body of penis
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Body of stomach
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Bone marrow
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Bone of limb, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Bone, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Bones of skull and face and associated joints
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Border of tongue
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Brain stem
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Brain, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Branchial cleft
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Breast, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Broad ligament
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Cardia, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Carotid body
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Cauda equina
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Cecum
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Central portion of breast
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Cerebellum, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Cerebral meninges
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Cerebrum
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Cervical esophagus
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Cervix uteri
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Cheek mucosa
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Choroid
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Ciliary body
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Clitoris
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Cloacogenic zone
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Colon, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Commissure of lip
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Conjunctiva
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of abdomen
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of head, face, and neck
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of lower limb and hip
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of pelvis
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of thorax
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of trunk, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of upper limb and shoulder
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Cornea, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Corpus uteri
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Cortex of adrenal gland
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Cranial nerve, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Craniopharyngeal duct
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Descended testis
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Descending colon
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Dome of bladder
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Dorsal surface of tongue, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Duodenum
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Endocervix
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Endocrine gland, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Endometrium
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Epididymis
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Esophagus, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Ethmoid sinus
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Exocervix
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	External ear
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	External lip, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	External lower lip
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	External upper lip
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Extrahepatic bile duct
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Eye, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Eyelid
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Fallopian tube
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Female genital tract, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Floor of mouth, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Frontal lobe
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Frontal sinus
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Fundus of stomach
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Fundus uteri
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Gallbladder
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Gastric antrum
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Gastrointestinal tract, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Glans penis
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Glottis
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Greater curvature of stomach, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Gum, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Hard palate
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Head of pancreas
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Head, face or neck, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Heart
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Hematopoietic system, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Hepatic flexure of colon
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Hypopharyngeal aspect of aryepiglottic fold
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Hypopharynx, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Ileum
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Ill-defined sites within respiratory system
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Intestinal tract, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Intra-abdominal lymph nodes
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Intrahepatic bile duct
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Intrathoracic lymph nodes
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Islets of Langerhans
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Isthmus uteri
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Jejunum
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Kidney, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Labium majus
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Labium minus
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lacrimal gland
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Laryngeal cartilage
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Larynx, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lateral floor of mouth
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lateral wall of bladder
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lateral wall of nasopharynx
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lateral wall of oropharynx
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lesser curvature of stomach, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lingual tonsil
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lip, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Liver
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Long bones of lower limb and associated joints
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Long bones of upper limb, scapula and associated joints
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lower gum
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lower limb, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lower lobe, lung
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lower third of esophagus
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lower-inner quadrant of breast
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lower-outer quadrant of breast
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lung, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lymph node, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lymph nodes of axilla or arm
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lymph nodes of head, face and neck
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lymph nodes of inguinal region or leg
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Lymph nodes of multiple regions
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Main bronchus
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Major salivary gland, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Male genital organs, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Mandible
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Maxillary sinus
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Meckel diverticulum
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Mediastinum, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Medulla of adrenal gland
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Meninges, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Middle ear
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Middle lobe, lung
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Middle third of esophagus
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Mouth, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Mucosa of lip, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Mucosa of lower lip
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Mucosa of upper lip
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Myometrium
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Nasal cavity
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Nasopharynx, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Nervous system, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Nipple
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Not Reported
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Occipital lobe
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Olfactory nerve
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Optic nerve
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Orbit, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Oropharynx, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Other ill-defined sites
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Other specified parts of female genital organs
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Other specified parts of male genital organs
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Other specified parts of pancreas
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Ovary
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of accessory sinuses
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of biliary tract
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of bladder
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of bones, joints and articular cartilage
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of bones, joints and articular cartilage of limbs
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of brain
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of brain and central nervous system
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of breast
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of cervix uteri
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of colon
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of corpus uteri
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of digestive system
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of endocrine glands and related structures
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of esophagus
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of eye and adnexa
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of female genital organs
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of floor of mouth
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of heart, mediastinum and pleura
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of hypopharynx
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of ill-defined sites
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of larynx
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of lip
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of lip, oral cavity and pharynx
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of lung
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of major salivary glands
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of male genital organs
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of nasopharynx
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of other and unspecified parts of mouth
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of palate
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of pancreas
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of penis
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of rectum, anus and anal canal
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of respiratory system and intrathoracic organs
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of retroperitoneum and peritoneum
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of skin
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of small intestine
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of stomach
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of tongue
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of tonsil
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of urinary organs
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesion of vulva
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Overlapping lesions of oropharynx
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Palate, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Pancreas, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Pancreatic duct
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Parametrium
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Parathyroid gland
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Paraurethral gland
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Parietal lobe
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Parotid gland
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Pelvic bones, sacrum, coccyx and associated joints
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Pelvic lymph nodes
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Pelvis, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Penis, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of abdomen
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of head, face, and neck
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of lower limb and hip
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of pelvis
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of thorax
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of trunk, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of upper limb and shoulder
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Peritoneum, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Pharynx, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Pineal gland
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Pituitary gland
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Placenta
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Pleura, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Postcricoid region
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Posterior mediastinum
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Posterior wall of bladder
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Posterior wall of hypopharynx
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Posterior wall of nasopharynx
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Posterior wall of oropharynx
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Prepuce
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Prostate gland
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Pylorus
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Pyriform sinus
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Rectosigmoid junction
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Rectum, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Renal pelvis
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Reticuloendothelial system, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Retina
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Retromolar area
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Retroperitoneum
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Rib, sternum, clavicle and associated joints
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Round ligament
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Scrotum, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Short bones of lower limb and associated joints
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Short bones of upper limb and associated joints
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Sigmoid colon
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Skin of lip, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Skin of lower limb and hip
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Skin of other and unspecified parts of face
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Skin of scalp and neck
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Skin of trunk
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Skin of upper limb and shoulder
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Skin, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Small intestine, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Soft palate, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Specified parts of peritoneum
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Spermatic cord
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Sphenoid sinus
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Spinal cord
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Spinal meninges
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Spleen
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Splenic flexure of colon
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Stomach, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Subglottis
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Sublingual gland
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Submandibular gland
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Superior wall of nasopharynx
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Supraglottis
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Tail of pancreas
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Temporal lobe
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Testis, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Thoracic esophagus
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Thorax, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Thymus
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Thyroid gland
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Tongue, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Tonsil, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Tonsillar fossa
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Tonsillar pillar
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Trachea
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Transverse colon
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Trigone of bladder
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Undescended testis
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Unknown
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Unknown primary site
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Upper gum
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Upper limb, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Upper lobe, lung
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Upper respiratory tract, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Upper third of esophagus
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Upper-inner quadrant of breast
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Upper-outer quadrant of breast
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Urachus
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Ureter
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Ureteric orifice
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Urethra
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Urinary system, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Uterine adnexa
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Uterus, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Uvula
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Vagina, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Vallecula
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Ventral surface of tongue, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Ventricle, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Vertebral column
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Vestibule of mouth
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Vulva, NOS
diagnosis	site_of_resection_or_biopsy	Waldeyer ring
diagnosis	supratentorial_localization	Cerebral Cortex
diagnosis	supratentorial_localization	Deep Gray (e.g. Basal Ganglia, Thalamus)
diagnosis	supratentorial_localization	Not Reported
diagnosis	supratentorial_localization	Spinal Cord
diagnosis	supratentorial_localization	Unknown
diagnosis	supratentorial_localization	White Matter
diagnosis	synchronous_malignancy	No
diagnosis	synchronous_malignancy	Not Reported
diagnosis	synchronous_malignancy	Unknown
diagnosis	synchronous_malignancy	Yes
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Abdomen, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Abdominal esophagus
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Accessory sinus, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Acoustic nerve
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Adrenal gland, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Ampulla of Vater
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Anal canal
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Anterior 2/3 of tongue, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Anterior floor of mouth
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Anterior mediastinum
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Anterior surface of epiglottis
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Anterior wall of bladder
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Anterior wall of nasopharynx
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Anus, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Aortic body and other paraganglia
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Appendix
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Ascending colon
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Autonomic nervous system, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Axillary tail of breast
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Base of tongue, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Biliary tract, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Bladder neck
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Bladder, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Blood
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Body of pancreas
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Body of penis
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Body of stomach
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Bone marrow
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Bone of limb, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Bone, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Bones of skull and face and associated joints
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Border of tongue
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Brain stem
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Brain, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Branchial cleft
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Breast, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Broad ligament
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Cardia, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Carotid body
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Cauda equina
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Cecum
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Central portion of breast
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Cerebellum, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Cerebral meninges
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Cerebrum
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Cervical esophagus
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Cervix uteri
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Cheek mucosa
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Choroid
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Ciliary body
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Clitoris
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Cloacogenic zone
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Colon, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Commissure of lip
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Conjunctiva
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of abdomen
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of head, face, and neck
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of lower limb and hip
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of pelvis
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of thorax
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of trunk, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of upper limb and shoulder
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Cornea, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Corpus uteri
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Cortex of adrenal gland
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Cranial nerve, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Craniopharyngeal duct
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Descended testis
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Descending colon
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Dome of bladder
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Dorsal surface of tongue, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Duodenum
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Endocervix
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Endocrine gland, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Endometrium
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Epididymis
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Esophagus, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Ethmoid sinus
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Exocervix
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	External ear
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	External lip, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	External lower lip
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	External upper lip
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Extrahepatic bile duct
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Eye, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Eyelid
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Fallopian tube
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Female genital tract, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Floor of mouth, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Frontal lobe
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Frontal sinus
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Fundus of stomach
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Fundus uteri
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Gallbladder
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Gastric antrum
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Gastrointestinal tract, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Glans penis
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Glottis
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Greater curvature of stomach, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Gum, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Hard palate
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Head of pancreas
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Head, face or neck, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Heart
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Hematopoietic system, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Hepatic flexure of colon
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Hypopharyngeal aspect of aryepiglottic fold
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Hypopharynx, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Ileum
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Ill-defined sites within respiratory system
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Intestinal tract, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Intra-abdominal lymph nodes
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Intrahepatic bile duct
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Intrathoracic lymph nodes
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Islets of Langerhans
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Isthmus uteri
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Jejunum
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Kidney, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Labium majus
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Labium minus
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lacrimal gland
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Laryngeal Commissure
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Laryngeal cartilage
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Larynx, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lateral floor of mouth
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lateral wall of bladder
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lateral wall of nasopharynx
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lateral wall of oropharynx
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lesser curvature of stomach, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lingual tonsil
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lip, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Liver
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Long bones of lower limb and associated joints
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Long bones of upper limb, scapula and associated joints
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lower gum
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lower limb, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lower lobe, lung
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lower third of esophagus
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lower-inner quadrant of breast
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lower-outer quadrant of breast
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lung, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lymph node, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lymph nodes of axilla or arm
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lymph nodes of head, face and neck
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lymph nodes of inguinal region or leg
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Lymph nodes of multiple regions
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Main bronchus
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Major salivary gland, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Male genital organs, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Mandible
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Maxillary sinus
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Meckel diverticulum
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Mediastinum, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Medulla of adrenal gland
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Meninges, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Middle ear
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Middle lobe, lung
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Middle third of esophagus
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Mouth, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Mucosa of lip, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Mucosa of lower lip
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Mucosa of upper lip
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Myometrium
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Nasal cavity
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Nasopharynx, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Nervous system, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Nipple
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Not Reported
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Occipital lobe
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Olfactory nerve
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Optic nerve
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Orbit, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Oropharynx, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Other ill-defined sites
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Other specified parts of female genital organs
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Other specified parts of male genital organs
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Other specified parts of pancreas
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Ovary
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of accessory sinuses
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of biliary tract
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of bladder
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of bones, joints and articular cartilage
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of bones, joints and articular cartilage of limbs
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of brain
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of brain and central nervous system
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of breast
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of cervix uteri
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of colon
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of corpus uteri
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of digestive system
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of endocrine glands and related structures
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of esophagus
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of eye and adnexa
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of female genital organs
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of floor of mouth
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of heart, mediastinum and pleura
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of hypopharynx
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of ill-defined sites
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of larynx
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of lip
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of lip, oral cavity and pharynx
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of lung
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of major salivary glands
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of male genital organs
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of nasopharynx
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of other and unspecified parts of mouth
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of palate
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of pancreas
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of penis
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of rectum, anus and anal canal
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of respiratory system and intrathoracic organs
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of retroperitoneum and peritoneum
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of skin
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of small intestine
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of stomach
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of tongue
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of tonsil
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of urinary organs
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesion of vulva
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Overlapping lesions of oropharynx
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Palate, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Pancreas, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Pancreatic duct
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Parametrium
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Parathyroid gland
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Paraurethral gland
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Parietal lobe
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Parotid gland
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Pelvic bones, sacrum, coccyx and associated joints
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Pelvic lymph nodes
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Pelvis, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Penis, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of abdomen
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of head, face, and neck
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of lower limb and hip
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of pelvis
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of thorax
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of trunk, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of upper limb and shoulder
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Peritoneum, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Pharynx, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Pineal gland
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Pituitary gland
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Placenta
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Pleura, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Postcricoid region
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Posterior mediastinum
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Posterior wall of bladder
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Posterior wall of hypopharynx
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Posterior wall of nasopharynx
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Posterior wall of oropharynx
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Prepuce
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Prostate gland
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Pylorus
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Pyriform sinus
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Rectosigmoid junction
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Rectum, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Renal pelvis
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Reticuloendothelial system, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Retina
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Retromolar area
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Retroperitoneum
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Rib, sternum, clavicle and associated joints
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Round ligament
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Scrotum, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Short bones of lower limb and associated joints
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Short bones of upper limb and associated joints
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Sigmoid colon
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Skin of lip, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Skin of lower limb and hip
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Skin of other and unspecified parts of face
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Skin of scalp and neck
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Skin of trunk
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Skin of upper limb and shoulder
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Skin, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Small intestine, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Soft palate, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Specified parts of peritoneum
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Spermatic cord
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Sphenoid sinus
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Spinal cord
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Spinal meninges
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Spleen
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Splenic flexure of colon
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Stomach, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Subglottis
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Sublingual gland
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Submandibular gland
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Superior wall of nasopharynx
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Supraglottis
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Tail of pancreas
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Temporal lobe
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Testis, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Thoracic esophagus
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Thorax, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Thymus
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Thyroid gland
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Tongue, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Tonsil, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Tonsillar fossa
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Tonsillar pillar
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Trachea
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Transverse colon
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Trigone of bladder
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Undescended testis
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Unknown
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Unknown primary site
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Upper Gum
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Upper limb, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Upper lobe, lung
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Upper respiratory tract, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Upper third of esophagus
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Upper-inner quadrant of breast
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Upper-outer quadrant of breast
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Urachus
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Ureter
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Ureteric orifice
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Urethra
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Urinary system, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Uterine adnexa
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Uterus, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Uvula
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Vagina, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Vallecula
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Ventral surface of tongue, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Ventricle, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Vertebral column
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Vestibule of mouth
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Vulva, NOS
diagnosis	tissue_or_organ_of_origin	Waldeyer ring
diagnosis	treatment_data	No
diagnosis	treatment_data	Yes
diagnosis	tumor_confined_to_organ_of_origin	No
diagnosis	tumor_confined_to_organ_of_origin	Not Reported
diagnosis	tumor_confined_to_organ_of_origin	Unknown
diagnosis	tumor_confined_to_organ_of_origin	Yes
diagnosis	tumor_focality	Multifocal
diagnosis	tumor_focality	Not Reported
diagnosis	tumor_focality	Unifocal
diagnosis	tumor_focality	Unknown
diagnosis	tumor_grade	G1
diagnosis	tumor_grade	G2
diagnosis	tumor_grade	G3
diagnosis	tumor_grade	G4
diagnosis	tumor_grade	GB
diagnosis	tumor_grade	GX
diagnosis	tumor_grade	High Grade
diagnosis	tumor_grade	Intermediate Grade
diagnosis	tumor_grade	Low Grade
diagnosis	tumor_grade	Not Reported
diagnosis	tumor_grade	Unknown
diagnosis	tumor_largest_dimension_diameter	NUMBER (centimeters)
diagnosis	tumor_regression_grade	0
diagnosis	tumor_regression_grade	1
diagnosis	tumor_regression_grade	2
diagnosis	tumor_regression_grade	3
diagnosis	tumor_regression_grade	Not Reported
diagnosis	tumor_regression_grade	Unknown
diagnosis	tumor_stage	STRING
diagnosis	vascular_invasion_present	No
diagnosis	vascular_invasion_present	Not Allowed To Collect
diagnosis	vascular_invasion_present	Not Reported
diagnosis	vascular_invasion_present	Unknown
diagnosis	vascular_invasion_present	Yes
diagnosis	vascular_invasion_type	Extramural
diagnosis	vascular_invasion_type	Intramural
diagnosis	vascular_invasion_type	Macro
diagnosis	vascular_invasion_type	Micro
diagnosis	vascular_invasion_type	No Vascular Invasion
diagnosis	vascular_invasion_type	Not Reported
diagnosis	vascular_invasion_type	Unknown
diagnosis	weiss_assessment_score	0
diagnosis	weiss_assessment_score	1
diagnosis	weiss_assessment_score	2
diagnosis	weiss_assessment_score	3
diagnosis	weiss_assessment_score	4
diagnosis	weiss_assessment_score	5
diagnosis	weiss_assessment_score	6
diagnosis	weiss_assessment_score	7
diagnosis	weiss_assessment_score	8
diagnosis	weiss_assessment_score	9
diagnosis	wilms_tumor_histologic_subtype	Favorable
diagnosis	wilms_tumor_histologic_subtype	Not Reported
diagnosis	wilms_tumor_histologic_subtype	Unfavorable
diagnosis	wilms_tumor_histologic_subtype	Unknown
diagnosis	year_of_diagnosis	INTEGER
exposure	alcohol_days_per_week	NUMBER
exposure	alcohol_drinks_per_day	NUMBER
exposure	alcohol_history	No
exposure	alcohol_history	Not Reported
exposure	alcohol_history	Unknown
exposure	alcohol_history	Yes
exposure	alcohol_intensity	Drinker
exposure	alcohol_intensity	Heavy Drinker
exposure	alcohol_intensity	Lifelong Non-Drinker
exposure	alcohol_intensity	Non-Drinker
exposure	alcohol_intensity	Not Reported
exposure	alcohol_intensity	Occasional Drinker
exposure	alcohol_intensity	Unknown
exposure	asbestos_exposure	No
exposure	asbestos_exposure	Not Reported
exposure	asbestos_exposure	Unknown
exposure	asbestos_exposure	Yes
exposure	bmi	NUMBER
exposure	cigarettes_per_day	NUMBER
exposure	coal_dust_exposure	No
exposure	coal_dust_exposure	Not Reported
exposure	coal_dust_exposure	Unknown
exposure	coal_dust_exposure	Yes
exposure	environmental_tobacco_smoke_exposure	No
exposure	environmental_tobacco_smoke_exposure	Not Reported
exposure	environmental_tobacco_smoke_exposure	Unknown
exposure	environmental_tobacco_smoke_exposure	Yes
exposure	exposure_node_id	STRING
exposure	pack_years_smoked	NUMBER
exposure	radon_exposure	No
exposure	radon_exposure	Not Reported
exposure	radon_exposure	Unknown
exposure	radon_exposure	Yes
exposure	respirable_crystalline_silica_exposure	No
exposure	respirable_crystalline_silica_exposure	Not Reported
exposure	respirable_crystalline_silica_exposure	Unknown
exposure	respirable_crystalline_silica_exposure	Yes
exposure	smoking_frequency	Every day
exposure	smoking_frequency	Some days
exposure	smoking_frequency	Unknown
exposure	time_between_waking_and_first_smoke	31-60 Minutes
exposure	time_between_waking_and_first_smoke	6-30 Minutes
exposure	time_between_waking_and_first_smoke	After 60 Minutes
exposure	time_between_waking_and_first_smoke	Unknown
exposure	time_between_waking_and_first_smoke	Within 5 Minutes
exposure	tobacco_smoking_onset_year	INTEGER
exposure	tobacco_smoking_quit_year	INTEGER
exposure	tobacco_smoking_status	1
exposure	tobacco_smoking_status	2
exposure	tobacco_smoking_status	3
exposure	tobacco_smoking_status	4
exposure	tobacco_smoking_status	5
exposure	tobacco_smoking_status	6
exposure	tobacco_smoking_status	7
exposure	tobacco_smoking_status	Not Reported
exposure	tobacco_smoking_status	Unknown
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Accidental building fire smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Accidental fire smoke, NOS
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Accidental fire smoke, grass
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Accidental forest fire smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Accidental vehicle fire smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Aircraft smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Burning tree smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Coal smoke, NOS
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Cooking-related smoke, NOS
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Electrical fire smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Electronic cigarette smoke, NOS
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Environmental tobacco smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Factory smokestack smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Field burning smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Fire smoke, NOS
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Furnace or boiler smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Gas burning smoke, propane
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Grease fire smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Grilling smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Hashish smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Indoor stove or fireplace smoke, NOS
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Indoor stove or fireplace smoke, coal burning
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Indoor stove or fireplace smoke, wood burning
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Machine smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Marijuana smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	No Smoke Exposure
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Oil burning smoke, Kerosene
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Oil burning smoke, NOS
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Recreational fire smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Smoke exposure, NOS
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Smokehouse smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Tobacco smoke, cigar
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Tobacco smoke, cigarettes
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Tobacco smoke, pipe
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Unknown
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Volcanic smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Waste burning smoke
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Wood burning smoke, NOS
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Wood burning smoke, factory
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Work-related smoke, NOS
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Work-related smoke, artificial smoke machines
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Work-related smoke, fire fighting
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Work-related smoke, foundry
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Work-related smoke, generators
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Work-related smoke, military
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Work-related smoke, paint baking
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Work-related smoke, plastics factory
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Work-related smoke, plumbing
exposure	type_of_smoke_exposure	Work-related smoke, soldering/welding
exposure	type_of_tobacco_used	Cigar
exposure	type_of_tobacco_used	Cigarette
exposure	type_of_tobacco_used	Electronic Cigarette
exposure	type_of_tobacco_used	Other
exposure	type_of_tobacco_used	Pipe
exposure	years_smoked	NUMBER
family_medical_history	family_history_id	STRING
family_medical_history	relationship_age_at_diagnosis	NUMBER (year)
family_medical_history	relationship_gender	female
family_medical_history	relationship_gender	male
family_medical_history	relationship_gender	unknown
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Adrenal Gland Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Basal Cell Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Bile Duct Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Bladder Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Blood Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Bone Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Brain Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Breast Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	CNS Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Cervical Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Chondrosarcoma
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Colorectal Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Esophageal Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Ewing Sarcoma
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Gallbladder Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Gastric Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Glioblastoma
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Gynecologic Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Head and Neck Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Hematologic Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Kaposi Sarcoma
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Kidney Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Laryngeal Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Leukemia
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Liver Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Lung Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Lymph Node Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Lymphoma
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Melanoma
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Mesothelioma
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Multiple Myeloma
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Neuroblastoma
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Not Reported
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Osteosarcoma
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Ovarian Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Pancreas Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Pediatric Liver Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Prostate Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Rectal Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Rhabdomyosarcoma
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Sarcoma
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Skin Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Spleen Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Testicular Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Throat Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Thyroid Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Tongue Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Tonsillar Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Unknown
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Uterine Cancer
family_medical_history	relationship_primary_diagnosis	Wilms Tumor
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Adopted Brother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Adopted Daughter
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Adopted Sister
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Adopted Son
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Adoptive Father
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Adoptive Mother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Aunt
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Brother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Brother-in-law
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Child
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Cousin
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Daughter
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Daughter-in-law
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Domestic Partner
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Father
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Father-in-law
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Female Cousin
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Female Sibling of Adopted Child
family_medical_history	relationship_type	First Cousin
family_medical_history	relationship_type	First Cousin Once Removed
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Foster Brother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Foster Daughter
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Foster Father
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Foster Mother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Foster Sister
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Foster Son
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Fraternal Twin Brother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Fraternal Twin Sibling
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Fraternal Twin Sister
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Full Brother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Full Sister
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Grand Nephew
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Grand Niece
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Grandchild
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Granddaughter
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Grandfather
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Grandmother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Grandparent
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Grandson
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Great Grandchild
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Half Brother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Half Sibling
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Half Sister
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Husband
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Identical Twin Brother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Identical Twin Sibling
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Identical Twin Sister
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Legal Guardian
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Male Cousin
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Male Sibling of Adopted Child
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Maternal Aunt
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Maternal First Cousin
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Maternal First Cousin Once Removed
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Maternal Grandfather
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Maternal Grandmother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Maternal Grandparent
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Maternal Great Aunt
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Maternal Great Grandparent
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Maternal Great Uncle
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Maternal Half Brother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Maternal Half Sibling
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Maternal Half Sister
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Maternal Uncle
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Mother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Mother-in-law
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Natural Brother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Natural Child
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Natural Daughter
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Natural Father
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Natural Grandchild
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Natural Grandfather
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Natural Grandmother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Natural Grandparent
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Natural Mother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Natural Parent
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Natural Sibling
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Natural Sister
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Natural Son
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Nephew
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Niece
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Niece Second Degree Relative
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Not Reported
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Other
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Parent
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Paternal Aunt
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Paternal First Cousin
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Paternal First Cousin Once Removed
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Paternal Grandfather
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Paternal Grandmother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Paternal Grandparent
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Paternal Great Aunt
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Paternal Great Grandparent
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Paternal Great Uncle
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Paternal Half Brother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Paternal Half Sibling
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Paternal Half Sister
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Paternal Uncle
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Sibling
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Sister
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Sister-in-law
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Son
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Son-in-law
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Spouse
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Step Child
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Step Sibling
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Stepbrother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Stepdaughter
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Stepfather
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Stepmother
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Stepsister
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Stepson
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Twin Sibling
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Uncle
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Unknown
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Unrelated
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Ward
family_medical_history	relationship_type	Wife
family_medical_history	relative_with_cancer_history	no
family_medical_history	relative_with_cancer_history	not reported
family_medical_history	relative_with_cancer_history	unknown
family_medical_history	relative_with_cancer_history	yes
family_medical_history	relatives_with_cancer_history_count	INTEGER
file	file_description	STRING
file	file_format	STRING
file	file_id	STRING
file	file_location	STRING
file	file_name	STRING
file	file_size	NUMBER
file	file_status	error
file	file_status	invalid
file	file_status	live
file	file_status	md5summed
file	file_status	md5summing
file	file_status	redacted
file	file_status	released
file	file_status	submitted
file	file_status	suppressed
file	file_status	uploaded
file	file_status	uploading
file	file_status	validated
file	file_status	validating
file	file_type	STRING
file	md5sum	STRING
follow_up	adverse_event	Abdominal Distension
follow_up	adverse_event	Abdominal Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Abdominal Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Abdominal Soft Tissue Necrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Abducens Nerve Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Accessory Nerve Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Acidosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Acoustic Nerve Disorder NOS
follow_up	adverse_event	Activated Partial Thromboplastin Time Prolonged
follow_up	adverse_event	Acute Coronary Syndrome
follow_up	adverse_event	Acute Kidney Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Adrenal Insufficiency
follow_up	adverse_event	Adult Respiratory Distress Syndrome
follow_up	adverse_event	Agitation
follow_up	adverse_event	Akathisia
follow_up	adverse_event	Alanine Aminotransferase Increased
follow_up	adverse_event	Alcohol Intolerance
follow_up	adverse_event	Alkaline Phosphatase Increased
follow_up	adverse_event	Alkalosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Allergic Reaction
follow_up	adverse_event	Allergic Rhinitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Alopecia
follow_up	adverse_event	Amnesia
follow_up	adverse_event	Anal Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Anal Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Anal Mucositis
follow_up	adverse_event	Anal Necrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Anal Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Anal Stenosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Anal Ulcer
follow_up	adverse_event	Anaphylaxis
follow_up	adverse_event	Anemia
follow_up	adverse_event	Ankle Fracture
follow_up	adverse_event	Anorectal Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Anorexia
follow_up	adverse_event	Anorgasmia
follow_up	adverse_event	Anxiety
follow_up	adverse_event	Aortic Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Aortic Valve Disease
follow_up	adverse_event	Aphonia
follow_up	adverse_event	Apnea
follow_up	adverse_event	Appendicitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Appendicitis Perforated
follow_up	adverse_event	Arachnoiditis
follow_up	adverse_event	Arterial Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Arteritis Infective
follow_up	adverse_event	Arthralgia
follow_up	adverse_event	Arthritis
follow_up	adverse_event	Ascites
follow_up	adverse_event	Aspartate Aminotransferase Increased
follow_up	adverse_event	Aspiration
follow_up	adverse_event	Asystole
follow_up	adverse_event	Ataxia
follow_up	adverse_event	Atelectasis
follow_up	adverse_event	Atrial Fibrillation
follow_up	adverse_event	Atrial Flutter
follow_up	adverse_event	Atrioventricular Block Complete
follow_up	adverse_event	Atrioventricular Block First Degree
follow_up	adverse_event	Autoimmune Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Avascular Necrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Azoospermia
follow_up	adverse_event	Back Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Bile Duct Stenosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Biliary Anastomotic Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Biliary Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Biliary Tract Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Bladder Anastomotic Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Bladder Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Bladder Perforation
follow_up	adverse_event	Bladder Spasm
follow_up	adverse_event	Bloating
follow_up	adverse_event	Blood Antidiuretic Hormone Abnormal
follow_up	adverse_event	Blood Bilirubin Increased
follow_up	adverse_event	Blood Corticotrophin Decreased
follow_up	adverse_event	Blood Gonadotrophin Abnormal
follow_up	adverse_event	Blood Prolactin Abnormal
follow_up	adverse_event	Blood and Lymphatic System Disorders - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Blurred Vision
follow_up	adverse_event	Body Odor
follow_up	adverse_event	Bone Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Bone Marrow Hypocellular
follow_up	adverse_event	Bone Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Brachial Plexopathy
follow_up	adverse_event	Breast Atrophy
follow_up	adverse_event	Breast Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Breast Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Bronchial Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Bronchial Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Bronchial Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Bronchial Stricture
follow_up	adverse_event	Bronchopleural Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Bronchopulmonary Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Bronchospasm
follow_up	adverse_event	Bruising
follow_up	adverse_event	Bullous Dermatitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Burn
follow_up	adverse_event	Buttock Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	CD4 Lymphocytes Decreased
follow_up	adverse_event	CPK Increased
follow_up	adverse_event	Capillary Leak Syndrome
follow_up	adverse_event	Carbon Monoxide Diffusing Capacity Decreased
follow_up	adverse_event	Cardiac Arrest
follow_up	adverse_event	Cardiac Disorders - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Cardiac Troponin I Increased
follow_up	adverse_event	Cardiac Troponin T Increased
follow_up	adverse_event	Cataract
follow_up	adverse_event	Catheter Related Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Cecal Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Cecal Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Central Nervous System Necrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Cerebrospinal Fluid Leakage
follow_up	adverse_event	Cervicitis Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Cheilitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Chest Pain - Cardiac
follow_up	adverse_event	Chest Wall Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Chills
follow_up	adverse_event	Cholecystitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Cholesterol High
follow_up	adverse_event	Chronic Kidney Disease
follow_up	adverse_event	Chylothorax
follow_up	adverse_event	Cognitive Disturbance
follow_up	adverse_event	Colitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Colonic Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Colonic Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Colonic Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Colonic Perforation
follow_up	adverse_event	Colonic Stenosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Colonic Ulcer
follow_up	adverse_event	Concentration Impairment
follow_up	adverse_event	Conduction Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Confusion
follow_up	adverse_event	Congenital, Familial and Genetic Disorders - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Conjunctivitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Conjunctivitis Infective
follow_up	adverse_event	Constipation
follow_up	adverse_event	Constrictive Pericarditis
follow_up	adverse_event	Corneal Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Corneal Ulcer
follow_up	adverse_event	Cough
follow_up	adverse_event	Cranial Nerve Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Creatinine Increased
follow_up	adverse_event	Cushingoid
follow_up	adverse_event	Cystitis Noninfective
follow_up	adverse_event	Cytokine Release Syndrome
follow_up	adverse_event	Death NOS
follow_up	adverse_event	Death Neonatal
follow_up	adverse_event	Dehydration
follow_up	adverse_event	Delayed Orgasm
follow_up	adverse_event	Delayed Puberty
follow_up	adverse_event	Delirium
follow_up	adverse_event	Delusions
follow_up	adverse_event	Dental Caries
follow_up	adverse_event	Depressed Level of Consciousness
follow_up	adverse_event	Depression
follow_up	adverse_event	Dermatitis Radiation
follow_up	adverse_event	Device Related Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Diarrhea
follow_up	adverse_event	Disseminated Intravascular Coagulation
follow_up	adverse_event	Dizziness
follow_up	adverse_event	Dry Eye
follow_up	adverse_event	Dry Mouth
follow_up	adverse_event	Dry Skin
follow_up	adverse_event	Duodenal Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Duodenal Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Duodenal Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Duodenal Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Duodenal Perforation
follow_up	adverse_event	Duodenal Stenosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Duodenal Ulcer
follow_up	adverse_event	Dysarthria
follow_up	adverse_event	Dysesthesia
follow_up	adverse_event	Dysgeusia
follow_up	adverse_event	Dysmenorrhea
follow_up	adverse_event	Dyspareunia
follow_up	adverse_event	Dyspepsia
follow_up	adverse_event	Dysphagia
follow_up	adverse_event	Dysphasia
follow_up	adverse_event	Dyspnea
follow_up	adverse_event	Ear Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Ear and Labyrinth Disorders - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Edema Cerebral
follow_up	adverse_event	Edema Face
follow_up	adverse_event	Edema Limbs
follow_up	adverse_event	Edema Trunk
follow_up	adverse_event	Ejaculation Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Ejection Fraction Decreased
follow_up	adverse_event	Electrocardiogram QT Corrected Interval Prolonged
follow_up	adverse_event	Encephalitis Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Encephalomyelitis Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Encephalopathy
follow_up	adverse_event	Endocarditis Infective
follow_up	adverse_event	Endocrine Disorders - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Endophthalmitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Enterocolitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Enterocolitis Infectious
follow_up	adverse_event	Enterovesical Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Epistaxis
follow_up	adverse_event	Erectile Dysfunction
follow_up	adverse_event	Erythema Multiforme
follow_up	adverse_event	Erythroderma
follow_up	adverse_event	Esophageal Anastomotic Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Esophageal Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Esophageal Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Esophageal Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Esophageal Necrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Esophageal Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Esophageal Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Esophageal Perforation
follow_up	adverse_event	Esophageal Stenosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Esophageal Ulcer
follow_up	adverse_event	Esophageal Varices Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Esophagitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Euphoria
follow_up	adverse_event	Exostosis
follow_up	adverse_event	External Ear Inflammation
follow_up	adverse_event	External Ear Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Extraocular Muscle Paresis
follow_up	adverse_event	Extrapyramidal Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Eye Disorders - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Eye Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Eye Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Eyelid Function Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Facial Muscle Weakness
follow_up	adverse_event	Facial Nerve Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Facial Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Fall
follow_up	adverse_event	Fallopian Tube Anastomotic Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Fallopian Tube Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Fallopian Tube Perforation
follow_up	adverse_event	Fallopian Tube Stenosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Fat Atrophy
follow_up	adverse_event	Fatigue
follow_up	adverse_event	Febrile Neutropenia
follow_up	adverse_event	Fecal Incontinence
follow_up	adverse_event	Female Genital Tract Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Feminization Acquired
follow_up	adverse_event	Fetal Death
follow_up	adverse_event	Fetal Growth Retardation
follow_up	adverse_event	Fever
follow_up	adverse_event	Fibrinogen Decreased
follow_up	adverse_event	Fibrosis Deep Connective Tissue
follow_up	adverse_event	Flank Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Flashing Lights
follow_up	adverse_event	Flatulence
follow_up	adverse_event	Floaters
follow_up	adverse_event	Flu Like Symptoms
follow_up	adverse_event	Flushing
follow_up	adverse_event	Forced Expiratory Volume Decreased
follow_up	adverse_event	Fracture
follow_up	adverse_event	GGT Increased
follow_up	adverse_event	Gait Disturbance
follow_up	adverse_event	Gallbladder Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Gallbladder Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Gallbladder Necrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Gallbladder Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Gallbladder Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Gallbladder Perforation
follow_up	adverse_event	Gastric Anastomotic Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Gastric Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Gastric Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Gastric Necrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Gastric Perforation
follow_up	adverse_event	Gastric Stenosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Gastric Ulcer
follow_up	adverse_event	Gastritis
follow_up	adverse_event	Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease
follow_up	adverse_event	Gastrointestinal Anastomotic Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Gastrointestinal Disorders - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Gastrointestinal Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Gastrointestinal Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Gastrointestinal Stoma Necrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Gastroparesis
follow_up	adverse_event	General Disorders and Administration Site Conditions - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Generalized Muscle Weakness
follow_up	adverse_event	Genital Edema
follow_up	adverse_event	Gingival Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Glaucoma
follow_up	adverse_event	Glossopharyngeal Nerve Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Glucose Intolerance
follow_up	adverse_event	Growth Accelerated
follow_up	adverse_event	Growth Hormone Abnormal
follow_up	adverse_event	Growth Suppression
follow_up	adverse_event	Gum Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Gynecomastia
follow_up	adverse_event	Hallucinations
follow_up	adverse_event	Haptoglobin Decreased
follow_up	adverse_event	Head Soft Tissue Necrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Headache
follow_up	adverse_event	Hearing Impaired
follow_up	adverse_event	Heart Failure
follow_up	adverse_event	Hematoma
follow_up	adverse_event	Hematosalpinx
follow_up	adverse_event	Hematuria
follow_up	adverse_event	Hemoglobin Increased
follow_up	adverse_event	Hemoglobinuria
follow_up	adverse_event	Hemolysis
follow_up	adverse_event	Hemolytic Uremic Syndrome
follow_up	adverse_event	Hemorrhoidal Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Hemorrhoids
follow_up	adverse_event	Hepatic Failure
follow_up	adverse_event	Hepatic Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Hepatic Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Hepatic Necrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Hepatic Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Hepatitis Viral
follow_up	adverse_event	Hepatobiliary Disorders - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Hiccups
follow_up	adverse_event	Hip Fracture
follow_up	adverse_event	Hirsutism
follow_up	adverse_event	Hoarseness
follow_up	adverse_event	Hot Flashes
follow_up	adverse_event	Hydrocephalus
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypercalcemia
follow_up	adverse_event	Hyperglycemia
follow_up	adverse_event	Hyperhidrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Hyperkalemia
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypermagnesemia
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypernatremia
follow_up	adverse_event	Hyperparathyroidism
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypersomnia
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypertension
follow_up	adverse_event	Hyperthyroidism
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypertrichosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypertriglyceridemia
follow_up	adverse_event	Hyperuricemia
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypoalbuminemia
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypocalcemia
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypoglossal Nerve Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypoglycemia
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypohidrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypokalemia
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypomagnesemia
follow_up	adverse_event	Hyponatremia
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypoparathyroidism
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypophosphatemia
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypotension
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypothermia
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypothyroidism
follow_up	adverse_event	Hypoxia
follow_up	adverse_event	INR Increased
follow_up	adverse_event	IVth Nerve Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Ileal Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Ileal Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Ileal Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Ileal Perforation
follow_up	adverse_event	Ileal Stenosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Ileal Ulcer
follow_up	adverse_event	Ileus
follow_up	adverse_event	Immune System Disorders - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Infections and Infestations - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Infective Myositis
follow_up	adverse_event	Infusion Related Reaction
follow_up	adverse_event	Infusion Site Extravasation
follow_up	adverse_event	Injection Site Reaction
follow_up	adverse_event	Injury to Carotid Artery
follow_up	adverse_event	Injury to Inferior Vena Cava
follow_up	adverse_event	Injury to Jugular Vein
follow_up	adverse_event	Injury to Superior Vena Cava
follow_up	adverse_event	Injury, Poisoning and Procedural Complications - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Insomnia
follow_up	adverse_event	Intestinal Stoma Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Intestinal Stoma Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Intestinal Stoma Site Bleeding
follow_up	adverse_event	Intra-Abdominal Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Intracranial Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Arterial Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Breast Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Cardiac Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Ear Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Endocrine Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Gastrointestinal Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Head and Neck Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Hepatobiliary Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Musculoskeletal Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Neurological Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Ocular Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Renal Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Reproductive Tract Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Respiratory Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Skin Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Splenic Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Urinary Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Intraoperative Venous Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Investigations - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Iron Overload
follow_up	adverse_event	Irregular Menstruation
follow_up	adverse_event	Irritability
follow_up	adverse_event	Ischemia Cerebrovascular
follow_up	adverse_event	Jejunal Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Jejunal Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Jejunal Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Jejunal Perforation
follow_up	adverse_event	Jejunal Stenosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Jejunal Ulcer
follow_up	adverse_event	Joint Effusion
follow_up	adverse_event	Joint Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Joint Range of Motion Decreased
follow_up	adverse_event	Joint Range of Motion Decreased Cervical Spine
follow_up	adverse_event	Joint Range of Motion Decreased Lumbar Spine
follow_up	adverse_event	Keratitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Kidney Anastomotic Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Kidney Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Kyphosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Lactation Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Large Intestinal Anastomotic Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Laryngeal Edema
follow_up	adverse_event	Laryngeal Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Laryngeal Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Laryngeal Inflammation
follow_up	adverse_event	Laryngeal Mucositis
follow_up	adverse_event	Laryngeal Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Laryngeal Stenosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Laryngitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Laryngopharyngeal Dysesthesia
follow_up	adverse_event	Laryngospasm
follow_up	adverse_event	Left Ventricular Systolic Dysfunction
follow_up	adverse_event	Lethargy
follow_up	adverse_event	Leukemia Secondary to Oncology Chemotherapy
follow_up	adverse_event	Leukocytosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Leukoencephalopathy
follow_up	adverse_event	Libido Decreased
follow_up	adverse_event	Libido Increased
follow_up	adverse_event	Lip Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Lip Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Lipase Increased
follow_up	adverse_event	Lipohypertrophy
follow_up	adverse_event	Localized Edema
follow_up	adverse_event	Lordosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Lower Gastrointestinal Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Lung Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Lymph Gland Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Lymph Leakage
follow_up	adverse_event	Lymph Node Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Lymphedema
follow_up	adverse_event	Lymphocele
follow_up	adverse_event	Lymphocyte Count Decreased
follow_up	adverse_event	Lymphocyte Count Increased
follow_up	adverse_event	Malabsorption
follow_up	adverse_event	Malaise
follow_up	adverse_event	Mania
follow_up	adverse_event	Mediastinal Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Mediastinal Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Memory Impairment
follow_up	adverse_event	Meningismus
follow_up	adverse_event	Meningitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Menopause
follow_up	adverse_event	Menorrhagia
follow_up	adverse_event	Metabolism and Nutrition Disorders - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Middle Ear Inflammation
follow_up	adverse_event	Mitral Valve Disease
follow_up	adverse_event	Mobitz (Type) II Atrioventricular Block
follow_up	adverse_event	Mobitz Type I
follow_up	adverse_event	Movements Involuntary
follow_up	adverse_event	Mucosal Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Mucositis Oral
follow_up	adverse_event	Multi-Organ Failure
follow_up	adverse_event	Muscle Weakness Left-Sided
follow_up	adverse_event	Muscle Weakness Lower Limb
follow_up	adverse_event	Muscle Weakness Right-Sided
follow_up	adverse_event	Muscle Weakness Trunk
follow_up	adverse_event	Muscle Weakness Upper Limb
follow_up	adverse_event	Musculoskeletal Deformity
follow_up	adverse_event	Musculoskeletal and Connective Tissue Disorders - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Myalgia
follow_up	adverse_event	Myelitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Myelodysplastic Syndrome
follow_up	adverse_event	Myocardial Infarction
follow_up	adverse_event	Myocarditis
follow_up	adverse_event	Myositis
follow_up	adverse_event	Nail Discoloration
follow_up	adverse_event	Nail Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Nail Loss
follow_up	adverse_event	Nail Ridging
follow_up	adverse_event	Nasal Congestion
follow_up	adverse_event	Nausea
follow_up	adverse_event	Neck Edema
follow_up	adverse_event	Neck Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Neck Soft Tissue Necrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Neoplasms Benign, Malignant and Unspecified (Incl Cysts and Polyps) - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Nervous System Disorders - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Neuralgia
follow_up	adverse_event	Neutrophil Count Decreased
follow_up	adverse_event	Night Blindness
follow_up	adverse_event	Nipple Deformity
follow_up	adverse_event	Non-Cardiac Chest Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Nystagmus
follow_up	adverse_event	Obesity
follow_up	adverse_event	Obstruction Gastric
follow_up	adverse_event	Oculomotor Nerve Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Olfactory Nerve Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Oligospermia
follow_up	adverse_event	Optic Nerve Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Oral Cavity Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Oral Dysesthesia
follow_up	adverse_event	Oral Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Oral Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Osteonecrosis of Jaw
follow_up	adverse_event	Osteoporosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Otitis Externa
follow_up	adverse_event	Otitis Media
follow_up	adverse_event	Ovarian Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Ovarian Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Ovarian Rupture
follow_up	adverse_event	Ovulation Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Pain in Extremity
follow_up	adverse_event	Pain of Skin
follow_up	adverse_event	Palmar-Plantar Erythrodysesthesia Syndrome
follow_up	adverse_event	Palpitations
follow_up	adverse_event	Pancreas Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Pancreatic Anastomotic Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Pancreatic Duct Stenosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Pancreatic Enzymes Decreased
follow_up	adverse_event	Pancreatic Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Pancreatic Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Pancreatic Necrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Pancreatitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Papilledema
follow_up	adverse_event	Papulopustular Rash
follow_up	adverse_event	Paresthesia
follow_up	adverse_event	Paronychia
follow_up	adverse_event	Paroxysmal Atrial Tachycardia
follow_up	adverse_event	Pelvic Floor Muscle Weakness
follow_up	adverse_event	Pelvic Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Pelvic Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Pelvic Soft Tissue Necrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Penile Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Penile Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Perforation Bile Duct
follow_up	adverse_event	Pericardial Effusion
follow_up	adverse_event	Pericardial Tamponade
follow_up	adverse_event	Pericarditis
follow_up	adverse_event	Perineal Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Periodontal Disease
follow_up	adverse_event	Periorbital Edema
follow_up	adverse_event	Periorbital Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Peripheral Ischemia
follow_up	adverse_event	Peripheral Motor Neuropathy
follow_up	adverse_event	Peripheral Nerve Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Peripheral Sensory Neuropathy
follow_up	adverse_event	Peritoneal Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Peritoneal Necrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Personality Change
follow_up	adverse_event	Phantom Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Pharyngeal Anastomotic Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Pharyngeal Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Pharyngeal Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Pharyngeal Mucositis
follow_up	adverse_event	Pharyngeal Necrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Pharyngeal Stenosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Pharyngitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Pharyngolaryngeal Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Phlebitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Phlebitis Infective
follow_up	adverse_event	Photophobia
follow_up	adverse_event	Photosensitivity
follow_up	adverse_event	Platelet Count Decreased
follow_up	adverse_event	Pleural Effusion
follow_up	adverse_event	Pleural Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Pleural Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Pleuritic Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Pneumonitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Pneumothorax
follow_up	adverse_event	Portal Hypertension
follow_up	adverse_event	Portal Vein Thrombosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Postnasal Drip
follow_up	adverse_event	Postoperative Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Postoperative Thoracic Procedure Complication
follow_up	adverse_event	Precocious Puberty
follow_up	adverse_event	Pregnancy, Puerperium and Perinatal Conditions - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Premature Delivery
follow_up	adverse_event	Premature Menopause
follow_up	adverse_event	Presyncope
follow_up	adverse_event	Proctitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Productive Cough
follow_up	adverse_event	Prolapse of Intestinal Stoma
follow_up	adverse_event	Prolapse of Urostomy
follow_up	adverse_event	Prostate Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Prostatic Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Prostatic Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Prostatic Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Proteinuria
follow_up	adverse_event	Pruritus
follow_up	adverse_event	Psychiatric Disorders - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Psychosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Pulmonary Edema
follow_up	adverse_event	Pulmonary Fibrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Pulmonary Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Pulmonary Hypertension
follow_up	adverse_event	Pulmonary Valve Disease
follow_up	adverse_event	Purpura
follow_up	adverse_event	Pyramidal Tract Syndrome
follow_up	adverse_event	Radiation Recall Reaction (Dermatologic)
follow_up	adverse_event	Radiculitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Rash Acneiform
follow_up	adverse_event	Rash Maculo-Papular
follow_up	adverse_event	Rash Pustular
follow_up	adverse_event	Rectal Anastomotic Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Rectal Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Rectal Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Rectal Mucositis
follow_up	adverse_event	Rectal Necrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Rectal Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Rectal Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Rectal Perforation
follow_up	adverse_event	Rectal Stenosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Rectal Ulcer
follow_up	adverse_event	Recurrent Laryngeal Nerve Palsy
follow_up	adverse_event	Renal Calculi
follow_up	adverse_event	Renal Colic
follow_up	adverse_event	Renal Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Renal and Urinary Disorders - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Reproductive System and Breast Disorders - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Respiratory Failure
follow_up	adverse_event	Respiratory, Thoracic and Mediastinal Disorders - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Restlessness
follow_up	adverse_event	Restrictive Cardiomyopathy
follow_up	adverse_event	Retinal Detachment
follow_up	adverse_event	Retinal Tear
follow_up	adverse_event	Retinal Vascular Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Retinoic Acid Syndrome
follow_up	adverse_event	Retinopathy
follow_up	adverse_event	Retroperitoneal Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Reversible Posterior Leukoencephalopathy Syndrome
follow_up	adverse_event	Rhinitis Infective
follow_up	adverse_event	Right Ventricular Dysfunction
follow_up	adverse_event	Salivary Duct Inflammation
follow_up	adverse_event	Salivary Gland Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Salivary Gland Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Scalp Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Scleral Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Scoliosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Scrotal Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Scrotal Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Seizure
follow_up	adverse_event	Sepsis
follow_up	adverse_event	Seroma
follow_up	adverse_event	Serum Amylase Increased
follow_up	adverse_event	Serum Sickness
follow_up	adverse_event	Sick Sinus Syndrome
follow_up	adverse_event	Sinus Bradycardia
follow_up	adverse_event	Sinus Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Sinus Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Sinus Tachycardia
follow_up	adverse_event	Sinusitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Skin Atrophy
follow_up	adverse_event	Skin Hyperpigmentation
follow_up	adverse_event	Skin Hypopigmentation
follow_up	adverse_event	Skin Induration
follow_up	adverse_event	Skin Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Skin Ulceration
follow_up	adverse_event	Skin and Subcutaneous Tissue Disorders - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Sleep Apnea
follow_up	adverse_event	Small Intestinal Anastomotic Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Small Intestinal Mucositis
follow_up	adverse_event	Small Intestinal Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Small Intestinal Perforation
follow_up	adverse_event	Small Intestinal Stenosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Small Intestine Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Small Intestine Ulcer
follow_up	adverse_event	Sneezing
follow_up	adverse_event	Social Circumstances - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Soft Tissue Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Soft Tissue Necrosis Lower Limb
follow_up	adverse_event	Soft Tissue Necrosis Upper Limb
follow_up	adverse_event	Somnolence
follow_up	adverse_event	Sore Throat
follow_up	adverse_event	Spasticity
follow_up	adverse_event	Spermatic Cord Anastomotic Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Spermatic Cord Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Spermatic Cord Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Spinal Fracture
follow_up	adverse_event	Spleen Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Splenic Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Stenosis of Gastrointestinal Stoma
follow_up	adverse_event	Stevens-Johnson Syndrome
follow_up	adverse_event	Stoma Site Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Stomach Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Stomal Ulcer
follow_up	adverse_event	Stridor
follow_up	adverse_event	Stroke
follow_up	adverse_event	Sudden Death NOS
follow_up	adverse_event	Suicidal Ideation
follow_up	adverse_event	Suicide Attempt
follow_up	adverse_event	Superficial Soft Tissue Fibrosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Superficial Thrombophlebitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Superior Vena Cava Syndrome
follow_up	adverse_event	Supraventricular Tachycardia
follow_up	adverse_event	Surgical and Medical Procedures - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Syncope
follow_up	adverse_event	Telangiectasia
follow_up	adverse_event	Testicular Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Testicular Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Testicular Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Thromboembolic Event
follow_up	adverse_event	Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic Purpura
follow_up	adverse_event	Tinnitus
follow_up	adverse_event	Tooth Development Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Tooth Discoloration
follow_up	adverse_event	Tooth Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Toothache
follow_up	adverse_event	Toxic Epidermal Necrolysis
follow_up	adverse_event	Tracheal Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Tracheal Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Tracheal Mucositis
follow_up	adverse_event	Tracheal Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Tracheal Stenosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Tracheitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Tracheostomy Site Bleeding
follow_up	adverse_event	Transient Ischemic Attacks
follow_up	adverse_event	Treatment Related Secondary Malignancy
follow_up	adverse_event	Tremor
follow_up	adverse_event	Tricuspid Valve Disease
follow_up	adverse_event	Trigeminal Nerve Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Trismus
follow_up	adverse_event	Tumor Lysis Syndrome
follow_up	adverse_event	Tumor Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Typhlitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Unequal Limb Length
follow_up	adverse_event	Unintended Pregnancy
follow_up	adverse_event	Upper Gastrointestinal Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Upper Respiratory Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Ureteric Anastomotic Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Urethral Anastomotic Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Urethral Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Urinary Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Urinary Frequency
follow_up	adverse_event	Urinary Incontinence
follow_up	adverse_event	Urinary Retention
follow_up	adverse_event	Urinary Tract Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Urinary Tract Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Urinary Tract Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Urinary Urgency
follow_up	adverse_event	Urine Discoloration
follow_up	adverse_event	Urine Output Decreased
follow_up	adverse_event	Urostomy Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Urostomy Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Urostomy Site Bleeding
follow_up	adverse_event	Urostomy Stenosis
follow_up	adverse_event	Urticaria
follow_up	adverse_event	Uterine Anastomotic Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Uterine Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Uterine Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Uterine Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Uterine Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Uterine Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Uterine Perforation
follow_up	adverse_event	Uveitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Vaginal Anastomotic Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Vaginal Discharge
follow_up	adverse_event	Vaginal Dryness
follow_up	adverse_event	Vaginal Fistula
follow_up	adverse_event	Vaginal Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Vaginal Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Vaginal Inflammation
follow_up	adverse_event	Vaginal Obstruction
follow_up	adverse_event	Vaginal Pain
follow_up	adverse_event	Vaginal Perforation
follow_up	adverse_event	Vaginal Stricture
follow_up	adverse_event	Vaginismus
follow_up	adverse_event	Vagus Nerve Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Vas Deferens Anastomotic Leak
follow_up	adverse_event	Vascular Access Complication
follow_up	adverse_event	Vascular Disorders - Other
follow_up	adverse_event	Vasculitis
follow_up	adverse_event	Vasovagal Reaction
follow_up	adverse_event	Venous Injury
follow_up	adverse_event	Ventricular Arrhythmia
follow_up	adverse_event	Ventricular Fibrillation
follow_up	adverse_event	Ventricular Tachycardia
follow_up	adverse_event	Vertigo
follow_up	adverse_event	Vestibular Disorder
follow_up	adverse_event	Virilization
follow_up	adverse_event	Visceral Arterial Ischemia
follow_up	adverse_event	Vital Capacity Abnormal
follow_up	adverse_event	Vitreous Hemorrhage
follow_up	adverse_event	Voice Alteration
follow_up	adverse_event	Vomiting
follow_up	adverse_event	Vulval Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Watering Eyes
follow_up	adverse_event	Weight Gain
follow_up	adverse_event	Weight Loss
follow_up	adverse_event	Wheezing
follow_up	adverse_event	White Blood Cell Decreased
follow_up	adverse_event	Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome
follow_up	adverse_event	Wound Complication
follow_up	adverse_event	Wound Dehiscence
follow_up	adverse_event	Wound Infection
follow_up	adverse_event	Wrist Fracture
follow_up	barretts_esophagus_goblet_cells_present	No
follow_up	barretts_esophagus_goblet_cells_present	Not Reported
follow_up	barretts_esophagus_goblet_cells_present	Unknown
follow_up	barretts_esophagus_goblet_cells_present	Yes
follow_up	bmi	NUMBER
follow_up	cause_of_response	STRING
follow_up	comorbidity	Acute Renal Failure
follow_up	comorbidity	Adenocarcinoma
follow_up	comorbidity	Adenomatous Polyposis Coli
follow_up	comorbidity	Adrenocortical Insufficiency
follow_up	comorbidity	Allergies
follow_up	comorbidity	Alpha-1 Antitrypsin
follow_up	comorbidity	Anemia
follow_up	comorbidity	Anxiety
follow_up	comorbidity	Arrhythmia
follow_up	comorbidity	Arthritis
follow_up	comorbidity	Asthma
follow_up	comorbidity	Atrial Fibrillation
follow_up	comorbidity	Avascular Necrosis
follow_up	comorbidity	Barrett's Esophagus
follow_up	comorbidity	Basal Cell Carcinoma
follow_up	comorbidity	Beckwith-Wiedemann
follow_up	comorbidity	Behcet's Disease
follow_up	comorbidity	Biliary Disorder
follow_up	comorbidity	Blood Clots
follow_up	comorbidity	Bone Fracture(s)
follow_up	comorbidity	Bronchitis
follow_up	comorbidity	COPD
follow_up	comorbidity	Calcium Channel Blockers
follow_up	comorbidity	Cancer
follow_up	comorbidity	Cataracts
follow_up	comorbidity	Celiac Disease
follow_up	comorbidity	Cerebrovascular Disease
follow_up	comorbidity	Cholelithiasis
follow_up	comorbidity	Chronic Renal Failure
follow_up	comorbidity	Cirrhosis, Unknown Etiology
follow_up	comorbidity	Colon Polyps
follow_up	comorbidity	Common Variable Immunodeficiency
follow_up	comorbidity	Congestive Heart Failure (CHF)
follow_up	comorbidity	Connective Tissue Disorder
follow_up	comorbidity	Coronary Artery Disease
follow_up	comorbidity	Crohn's Disease
follow_up	comorbidity	Cryptogenic Organizing Pneumonia
follow_up	comorbidity	DVT/PE
follow_up	comorbidity	Deep Vein Thrombosis / Thromboembolism
follow_up	comorbidity	Denys-Drash Syndrome
follow_up	comorbidity	Depression
follow_up	comorbidity	Diabetes
follow_up	comorbidity	Diabetes, Type II
follow_up	comorbidity	Diabetic Neuropathy
follow_up	comorbidity	Diet Controlled Diabetes
follow_up	comorbidity	Diverticulitis
follow_up	comorbidity	Dyslipidemia
follow_up	comorbidity	Eczema
follow_up	comorbidity	Epilepsy
follow_up	comorbidity	Epstein-Barr Virus
follow_up	comorbidity	Familial Adenomatous Polyposis
follow_up	comorbidity	Fanconi Anemia
follow_up	comorbidity	Fibrosis
follow_up	comorbidity	GERD
follow_up	comorbidity	Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease
follow_up	comorbidity	Glaucoma
follow_up	comorbidity	Glycogen Storage Disease
follow_up	comorbidity	Gonadal Dysfunction
follow_up	comorbidity	Gorlin Syndrome
follow_up	comorbidity	Gout
follow_up	comorbidity	H. pylori Infection
follow_up	comorbidity	HIV / AIDS
follow_up	comorbidity	HUS/TTP
follow_up	comorbidity	Hashimoto's Thyroiditis
follow_up	comorbidity	Headache
follow_up	comorbidity	Heart Disease
follow_up	comorbidity	Hemihypertrophy
follow_up	comorbidity	Hemorrhagic Cystitis
follow_up	comorbidity	Hepatitis
follow_up	comorbidity	Hepatitis A Infection
follow_up	comorbidity	Hepatitis B Infection
follow_up	comorbidity	Hepatitis C Infection
follow_up	comorbidity	Hepatitis, Chronic
follow_up	comorbidity	Hereditary Non-polyposis Colon Cancer
follow_up	comorbidity	Herpes
follow_up	comorbidity	High Grade Liver Dysplastic Nodule
follow_up	comorbidity	Human Papillomavirus Infection
follow_up	comorbidity	Hypercalcemia
follow_up	comorbidity	Hypercholesterolemia
follow_up	comorbidity	Hyperglycemia
follow_up	comorbidity	Hyperlipidemia
follow_up	comorbidity	Hypertension
follow_up	comorbidity	Hypospadias
follow_up	comorbidity	Hypothyroidism
follow_up	comorbidity	ITP
follow_up	comorbidity	Inflammatory Bowel Disease
follow_up	comorbidity	Insulin Controlled Diabetes
follow_up	comorbidity	Interstitial Pneumontis or ARDS
follow_up	comorbidity	Intraductal Papillary Mucinous Neoplasm
follow_up	comorbidity	Iron Overload
follow_up	comorbidity	Ischemic Heart Disease
follow_up	comorbidity	Joint Replacement
follow_up	comorbidity	Kidney Disease
follow_up	comorbidity	Li-Fraumeni Syndrome
follow_up	comorbidity	Liver Cirrhosis (Liver Disease)
follow_up	comorbidity	Liver Toxicity (Non-Infectious)
follow_up	comorbidity	Low Grade Liver Dysplastic Nodule
follow_up	comorbidity	Lupus
follow_up	comorbidity	Lynch Syndrome
follow_up	comorbidity	MAI
follow_up	comorbidity	Myasthenia Gravis
follow_up	comorbidity	Myocardial Infarction
follow_up	comorbidity	Neuroendocrine Tumor
follow_up	comorbidity	Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis
follow_up	comorbidity	Not Reported
follow_up	comorbidity	Obesity
follow_up	comorbidity	Organ transplant (site)
follow_up	comorbidity	Osteoarthritis
follow_up	comorbidity	Osteoporosis or Osteopenia
follow_up	comorbidity	Other
follow_up	comorbidity	Other Cancer Within 5 Years
follow_up	comorbidity	Other Nonmalignant Systemic Disease
follow_up	comorbidity	Other Pulmonary Complications
follow_up	comorbidity	Pain (Various)
follow_up	comorbidity	Pancreatitis
follow_up	comorbidity	Peptic Ulcer (Ulcer)
follow_up	comorbidity	Peripheral Neuropathy
follow_up	comorbidity	Peripheral Vascular Disease
follow_up	comorbidity	Peutz-Jeghers Disease
follow_up	comorbidity	Pregnancy in Patient or Partner
follow_up	comorbidity	Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis
follow_up	comorbidity	Psoriasis
follow_up	comorbidity	Pulmonary Fibrosis
follow_up	comorbidity	Pulmonary Hemorrhage
follow_up	comorbidity	Renal Dialysis
follow_up	comorbidity	Renal Failure (Requiring Dialysis)
follow_up	comorbidity	Renal Insufficiency
follow_up	comorbidity	Rheumatoid Arthritis
follow_up	comorbidity	Rheumatologic Disease
follow_up	comorbidity	Rubinstein-Taybi Syndrome
follow_up	comorbidity	Sarcoidosis
follow_up	comorbidity	Seizure
follow_up	comorbidity	Sleep apnea
follow_up	comorbidity	Smoking
follow_up	comorbidity	Steatosis
follow_up	comorbidity	Stroke
follow_up	comorbidity	Transient Ischemic Attack
follow_up	comorbidity	Tuberculosis
follow_up	comorbidity	Turcot Syndrome
follow_up	comorbidity	Tyrosinemia
follow_up	comorbidity	Ulcerative Colitis
follow_up	comorbidity	Unknown
follow_up	comorbidity	Wagr Syndrome
follow_up	comorbidity_method_of_diagnosis	Histology
follow_up	comorbidity_method_of_diagnosis	Not Reported
follow_up	comorbidity_method_of_diagnosis	Pathology
follow_up	comorbidity_method_of_diagnosis	Radiology
follow_up	comorbidity_method_of_diagnosis	Unknown
follow_up	contact_type	STRING
follow_up	date_of_last_contact	STRING
follow_up	days_to_adverse_event	INTEGER
follow_up	days_to_comorbidity	INTEGER
follow_up	days_to_follow_up	INTEGER
follow_up	days_to_progression	INTEGER
follow_up	days_to_progression_free	INTEGER
follow_up	days_to_recurrence	INTEGER
follow_up	diabetes_treatment_type	Alpha-Glucosidase Inhibitor
follow_up	diabetes_treatment_type	Biguanide
follow_up	diabetes_treatment_type	Diet
follow_up	diabetes_treatment_type	Injected Insulin
follow_up	diabetes_treatment_type	Insulin
follow_up	diabetes_treatment_type	Not Reported
follow_up	diabetes_treatment_type	Oral Hypoglycemic
follow_up	diabetes_treatment_type	Other
follow_up	diabetes_treatment_type	Sulfonylurea
follow_up	diabetes_treatment_type	Thiazolidinedione
follow_up	diabetes_treatment_type	Unknown
follow_up	disease_response	AJ-Adjuvant Therapy
follow_up	disease_response	BED-Biochemical Evidence of Disease
follow_up	disease_response	CPD-Clinical Progression
follow_up	disease_response	CR-Complete Response
follow_up	disease_response	CRU-Complete Response Unconfirmed
follow_up	disease_response	DU-Disease Unchanged
follow_up	disease_response	IMR-Immunoresponse
follow_up	disease_response	IPD-Immunoprogression
follow_up	disease_response	MR-Minimal/Marginal response
follow_up	disease_response	MX-Mixed Response
follow_up	disease_response	NPB-No Palliative Benefit
follow_up	disease_response	NR-No Response
follow_up	disease_response	Non-CR/Non-PD-Non-CR/Non-PD
follow_up	disease_response	Not Reported
follow_up	disease_response	PA-Palliative Therapy
follow_up	disease_response	PB-Palliative Benefit
follow_up	disease_response	PD-Progressive Disease
follow_up	disease_response	PDM-Persistent Distant Metastasis
follow_up	disease_response	PLD-Persistent Locoregional Disease
follow_up	disease_response	PPD-Pseudoprogression
follow_up	disease_response	PR-Partial Response
follow_up	disease_response	PSR-Pseudoresponse
follow_up	disease_response	RD-Responsive Disease
follow_up	disease_response	RP-Response
follow_up	disease_response	RPD-Radiographic Progressive Disease
follow_up	disease_response	SD-Stable Disease
follow_up	disease_response	SPD-Surgical Progression
follow_up	disease_response	TE-Too Early
follow_up	disease_response	TF-Tumor Free
follow_up	disease_response	Unknown
follow_up	disease_response	VGPR-Very Good Partial Response
follow_up	disease_response	WT-With Tumor
follow_up	disease_response	sCR-Stringent Complete Response
follow_up	dlco_ref_predictive_percent	NUMBER
follow_up	document_number	STRING
follow_up	ecog_performance_status	0
follow_up	ecog_performance_status	1
follow_up	ecog_performance_status	2
follow_up	ecog_performance_status	3
follow_up	ecog_performance_status	4
follow_up	ecog_performance_status	5
follow_up	ecog_performance_status	Not Reported
follow_up	ecog_performance_status	Unknown
follow_up	explain_unknown_status	STRING
follow_up	fev1_fvc_post_bronch_percent	NUMBER
follow_up	fev1_fvc_pre_bronch_percent	NUMBER
follow_up	fev1_ref_post_bronch_percent	NUMBER
follow_up	fev1_ref_pre_bronch_percent	NUMBER
follow_up	follow_up_id	STRING
follow_up	height	NUMBER (centimeters)
follow_up	hepatitis_sustained_virological_response	No
follow_up	hepatitis_sustained_virological_response	Not Reported
follow_up	hepatitis_sustained_virological_response	Unknown
follow_up	hepatitis_sustained_virological_response	Yes
follow_up	hpv_positive_type	STRING
follow_up	karnofsky_performance_status	0
follow_up	karnofsky_performance_status	10
follow_up	karnofsky_performance_status	100
follow_up	karnofsky_performance_status	20
follow_up	karnofsky_performance_status	30
follow_up	karnofsky_performance_status	40
follow_up	karnofsky_performance_status	50
follow_up	karnofsky_performance_status	60
follow_up	karnofsky_performance_status	70
follow_up	karnofsky_performance_status	80
follow_up	karnofsky_performance_status	90
follow_up	karnofsky_performance_status	Not Reported
follow_up	karnofsky_performance_status	Unknown
follow_up	menopause_status	Not Reported
follow_up	menopause_status	Perimenopausal
follow_up	menopause_status	Postmenopausal
follow_up	menopause_status	Premenopausal
follow_up	menopause_status	Unknown
follow_up	pancreatitis_onset_year	INTEGER
follow_up	patient_status	STRING
follow_up	physical_exam_changes	STRING
follow_up	physical_exam_performed	BOOLEAN
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence	No
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence	Not Reported
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence	Unknown
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence	Yes
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Abdomen, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Abdominal esophagus
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Accessory sinus, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Acoustic nerve
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Adrenal gland, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Ampulla of Vater
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Anal canal
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Anterior 2/3 of tongue, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Anterior floor of mouth
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Anterior mediastinum
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Anterior surface of epiglottis
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Anterior wall of bladder
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Anterior wall of nasopharynx
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Anus, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Aortic body and other paraganglia
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Appendix
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Ascending colon
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Autonomic nervous system, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Axillary tail of breast
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Base of tongue, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Biliary tract, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Bladder neck
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Bladder, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Blood
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Body of pancreas
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Body of penis
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Body of stomach
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Bone marrow
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Bone of limb, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Bone, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Bones of skull and face and associated joints
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Border of tongue
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Brain stem
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Brain, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Branchial cleft
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Breast, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Broad ligament
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Cardia, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Carotid body
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Cauda equina
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Cecum
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Central portion of breast
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Cerebellum, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Cerebral meninges
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Cerebrum
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Cervical esophagus
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Cervix uteri
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Cheek mucosa
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Choroid
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Ciliary body
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Clitoris
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Cloacogenic zone
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Colon, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Commissure of lip
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Conjunctiva
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of abdomen
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of head, face, and neck
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of lower limb and hip
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of pelvis
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of thorax
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of trunk, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues of upper limb and shoulder
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Cornea, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Corpus uteri
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Cortex of adrenal gland
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Cranial nerve, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Craniopharyngeal duct
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Descended testis
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Descending colon
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Dome of bladder
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Dorsal surface of tongue, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Duodenum
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Endocervix
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Endocrine gland, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Endometrium
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Epididymis
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Esophagus, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Ethmoid sinus
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Exocervix
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	External ear
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	External lip, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	External lower lip
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	External upper lip
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Extrahepatic bile duct
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Eye, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Eyelid
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Fallopian tube
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Female genital tract, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Floor of mouth, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Frontal lobe
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Frontal sinus
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Fundus of stomach
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Fundus uteri
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Gallbladder
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Gastric antrum
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Gastrointestinal tract, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Glans penis
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Glottis
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Greater curvature of stomach, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Gum, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Hard palate
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Head of pancreas
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Head, face or neck, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Heart
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Hematopoietic system, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Hepatic flexure of colon
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Hypopharyngeal aspect of aryepiglottic fold
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Hypopharynx, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Ileum
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Ill-defined sites within respiratory system
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Intestinal tract, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Intra-abdominal lymph nodes
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Intrahepatic bile duct
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Intrathoracic lymph nodes
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Islets of Langerhans
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Isthmus uteri
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Jejunum
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Kidney, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Labium majus
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Labium minus
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lacrimal gland
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Laryngeal cartilage
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Larynx, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lateral floor of mouth
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lateral wall of bladder
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lateral wall of nasopharynx
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lateral wall of oropharynx
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lesser curvature of stomach, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lingual tonsil
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lip, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Liver
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Long bones of lower limb and associated joints
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Long bones of upper limb, scapula and associated joints
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lower gum
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lower limb, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lower lobe, lung
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lower third of esophagus
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lower-inner quadrant of breast
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lower-outer quadrant of breast
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lung, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lymph node, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lymph nodes of axilla or arm
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lymph nodes of head, face and neck
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lymph nodes of inguinal region or leg
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Lymph nodes of multiple regions
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Main bronchus
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Major salivary gland, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Male genital organs, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Mandible
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Maxillary sinus
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Meckel diverticulum
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Mediastinum, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Medulla of adrenal gland
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Meninges, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Middle ear
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Middle lobe, lung
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Middle third of esophagus
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Mouth, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Mucosa of lip, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Mucosa of lower lip
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Mucosa of upper lip
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Myometrium
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Nasal cavity
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Nasopharynx, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Nervous system, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Nipple
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Not Reported
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Occipital lobe
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Olfactory nerve
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Optic nerve
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Orbit, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Oropharynx, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Other ill-defined sites
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Other specified parts of female genital organs
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Other specified parts of male genital organs
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Other specified parts of pancreas
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Ovary
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of accessory sinuses
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of biliary tract
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of bladder
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of bones, joints and articular cartilage
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of bones, joints and articular cartilage of limbs
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of brain
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of brain and central nervous system
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of breast
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of cervix uteri
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of colon
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of connective, subcutaneous and other soft tissues
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of corpus uteri
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of digestive system
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of endocrine glands and related structures
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of esophagus
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of eye and adnexa
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of female genital organs
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of floor of mouth
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of heart, mediastinum and pleura
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of hypopharynx
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of ill-defined sites
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of larynx
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of lip
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of lip, oral cavity and pharynx
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of lung
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of major salivary glands
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of male genital organs
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of nasopharynx
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of other and unspecified parts of mouth
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of palate
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of pancreas
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of penis
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of rectum, anus and anal canal
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of respiratory system and intrathoracic organs
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of retroperitoneum and peritoneum
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of skin
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of small intestine
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of stomach
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of tongue
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of tonsil
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of urinary organs
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesion of vulva
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Overlapping lesions of oropharynx
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Palate, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Pancreas, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Pancreatic duct
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Parametrium
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Parathyroid gland
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Paraurethral gland
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Parietal lobe
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Parotid gland
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Pelvic bones, sacrum, coccyx and associated joints
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Pelvic lymph nodes
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Pelvis, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Penis, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of abdomen
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of head, face, and neck
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of lower limb and hip
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of pelvis
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of thorax
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of trunk, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Peripheral nerves and autonomic nervous system of upper limb and shoulder
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Peritoneum, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Pharynx, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Pineal gland
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Pituitary gland
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Placenta
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Pleura, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Postcricoid region
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Posterior mediastinum
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Posterior wall of bladder
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Posterior wall of hypopharynx
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Posterior wall of nasopharynx
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Posterior wall of oropharynx
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Prepuce
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Prostate gland
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Pylorus
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Pyriform sinus
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Rectosigmoid junction
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Rectum, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Renal pelvis
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Reticuloendothelial system, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Retina
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Retromolar area
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Retroperitoneum
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Rib, sternum, clavicle and associated joints
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Round ligament
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Scrotum, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Short bones of lower limb and associated joints
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Short bones of upper limb and associated joints
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Sigmoid colon
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Skin of lip, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Skin of lower limb and hip
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Skin of other and unspecified parts of face
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Skin of scalp and neck
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Skin of trunk
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Skin of upper limb and shoulder
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Skin, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Small intestine, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Soft palate, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Specified parts of peritoneum
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Spermatic cord
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Sphenoid sinus
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Spinal cord
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Spinal meninges
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Spleen
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Splenic flexure of colon
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Stomach, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Subglottis
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Sublingual gland
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Submandibular gland
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Superior wall of nasopharynx
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Supraglottis
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Tail of pancreas
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Temporal lobe
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Testis, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Thoracic esophagus
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Thorax, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Thymus
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Thyroid gland
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Tongue, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Tonsil, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Tonsillar fossa
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Tonsillar pillar
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Trachea
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Transverse colon
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Trigone of bladder
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Undescended testis
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Unknown
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Unknown primary site
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Upper gum
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Upper limb, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Upper lobe, lung
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Upper respiratory tract, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Upper third of esophagus
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Upper-inner quadrant of breast
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Upper-outer quadrant of breast
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Urachus
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Ureter
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Ureteric orifice
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Urethra
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Urinary system, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Uterine adnexa
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Uterus, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Uvula
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Vagina, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Vallecula
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Ventral surface of tongue, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Ventricle, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Vertebral column
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Vestibule of mouth
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Vulva, NOS
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	Waldeyer ring
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_type	Biochemical
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_type	Distant
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_type	Local
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_type	Not Reported
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_type	Regional
follow_up	progression_or_recurrence_type	Unknown
follow_up	reflux_treatment_type	Antacids
follow_up	reflux_treatment_type	H2 Blockers
follow_up	reflux_treatment_type	Medically Treated
follow_up	reflux_treatment_type	No Treatment
follow_up	reflux_treatment_type	Not Applicable
follow_up	reflux_treatment_type	Not Reported
follow_up	reflux_treatment_type	Proton Pump Inhibitors
follow_up	reflux_treatment_type	Surgically Treated
follow_up	reflux_treatment_type	Unknown
follow_up	risk_factor	Alcohol Consumption
follow_up	risk_factor	Alcoholic Liver Disease
follow_up	risk_factor	Allergy, Animal, NOS
follow_up	risk_factor	Allergy, Ant
follow_up	risk_factor	Allergy, Bee
follow_up	risk_factor	Allergy, Cat
follow_up	risk_factor	Allergy, Dairy or Lactose
follow_up	risk_factor	Allergy, Dog
follow_up	risk_factor	Allergy, Eggs
follow_up	risk_factor	Allergy, Food, NOS
follow_up	risk_factor	Allergy, Fruit
follow_up	risk_factor	Allergy, Meat
follow_up	risk_factor	Allergy, Mold or Dust
follow_up	risk_factor	Allergy, Nuts
follow_up	risk_factor	Allergy, Processed Foods
follow_up	risk_factor	Allergy, Seafood
follow_up	risk_factor	Allergy, Wasp
follow_up	risk_factor	Alpha-1 Antitrypsin Deficiency
follow_up	risk_factor	Autoimmune Atrophic Chronic Gastritis
follow_up	risk_factor	Barrett's Esophagus
follow_up	risk_factor	Beckwith-Wiedemann
follow_up	risk_factor	Behcet's Disease
follow_up	risk_factor	Cancer
follow_up	risk_factor	Cholelithiasis
follow_up	risk_factor	Chronic Hepatitis
follow_up	risk_factor	Cirrhosis
follow_up	risk_factor	Colon Polyps
follow_up	risk_factor	Common variable immune deficiency (CVID)
follow_up	risk_factor	Denys-Drash Syndrome
follow_up	risk_factor	Diabetes, NOS
follow_up	risk_factor	Diabetes, Type I
follow_up	risk_factor	Diabetes, Type II
follow_up	risk_factor	Diet
follow_up	risk_factor	Diverticulitis
follow_up	risk_factor	Eczema
follow_up	risk_factor	Endometriosis
follow_up	risk_factor	Endosalpingiosis
follow_up	risk_factor	Epstein-Barr Virus
follow_up	risk_factor	Familial Adenomatous Polyposis
follow_up	risk_factor	Fanconi Anemia
follow_up	risk_factor	Fibrosis
follow_up	risk_factor	Gastric Polyp(s)
follow_up	risk_factor	Gilbert's Syndrome
follow_up	risk_factor	Gorlin Syndrome
follow_up	risk_factor	HIV
follow_up	risk_factor	Hashimoto's Thyroiditis
follow_up	risk_factor	Hay Fever
follow_up	risk_factor	Headache
follow_up	risk_factor	Helicobacter Pylori-Associated Gastritis
follow_up	risk_factor	Hematologic Disorder, NOS
follow_up	risk_factor	Hemihypertrophy
follow_up	risk_factor	Hemochromatosis
follow_up	risk_factor	Hepatic Encephalopathy
follow_up	risk_factor	Hepatitis B Infection
follow_up	risk_factor	Hepatitis C Infection
follow_up	risk_factor	Hepatitis, NOS
follow_up	risk_factor	High Grade Dysplasia
follow_up	risk_factor	Human Papillomavirus Infection
follow_up	risk_factor	Hypospadias
follow_up	risk_factor	Intestinal Metaplasia
follow_up	risk_factor	Iron Overload
follow_up	risk_factor	Li-Fraumeni Syndrome
follow_up	risk_factor	Low Grade Dysplasia
follow_up	risk_factor	Lymphocytic Thyroiditis
follow_up	risk_factor	Lynch Syndrome
follow_up	risk_factor	Myasthenia Gravis
follow_up	risk_factor	Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
follow_up	risk_factor	Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis
follow_up	risk_factor	Not Reported
follow_up	risk_factor	Obesity
follow_up	risk_factor	Oral Contraceptives
follow_up	risk_factor	Pancreatitis
follow_up	risk_factor	Parasitic Disease of Biliary Tract
follow_up	risk_factor	Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis
follow_up	risk_factor	Recurrent Pyogenic Cholangitis
follow_up	risk_factor	Reflux Disease
follow_up	risk_factor	Rheumatoid Arthritis
follow_up	risk_factor	Rubinstein-Taybi Syndrome
follow_up	risk_factor	Sarcoidosis
follow_up	risk_factor	Seizure
follow_up	risk_factor	Sensory Changes
follow_up	risk_factor	Serous tubal intraepithelial carcinoma (STIC)
follow_up	risk_factor	Steatosis
follow_up	risk_factor	Tattoo
follow_up	risk_factor	Thyroid Nodular Hyperplasia
follow_up	risk_factor	Tobacco, NOS
follow_up	risk_factor	Tobacco, Smokeless
follow_up	risk_factor	Tobacco, Smoking
follow_up	risk_factor	Turcot Syndrome
follow_up	risk_factor	Undescended Testis
follow_up	risk_factor	Unknown
follow_up	risk_factor	Vision Changes
follow_up	risk_factor	Wagr Syndrome
follow_up	risk_factor_treatment	No
follow_up	risk_factor_treatment	Not Reported
follow_up	risk_factor_treatment	Unknown
follow_up	risk_factor_treatment	Yes
follow_up	treatment_since_last_contact	STRING
follow_up	viral_hepatitis_serologies	HBV Core Antibody
follow_up	viral_hepatitis_serologies	HBV DNA
follow_up	viral_hepatitis_serologies	HBV Genotype
follow_up	viral_hepatitis_serologies	HBV Surface Antibody
follow_up	viral_hepatitis_serologies	HCV Genotype
follow_up	viral_hepatitis_serologies	Hepatitis B Surface Antigen
follow_up	viral_hepatitis_serologies	Hepatitis C Antibody
follow_up	viral_hepatitis_serologies	Hepatitis C Virus RNA
follow_up	viral_hepatitis_serologies	Not Reported
follow_up	viral_hepatitis_serologies	Unknown
follow_up	weight	NUMBER (kilograms)
fraction	creation_datetime	NUMBER (second)
fraction	fraction_id	STRING
fraction	fraction_number	NUMBER
fraction	fraction_type	STRING
fraction	weight	NUMBER (kilograms)
institution	institution_id	STRING
institution	institution_name	STRING
institution	institution_url	STRING
laboratory_procedure	instrument_model	STRING
laboratory_procedure	instrument_name	STRING
laboratory_procedure	instrument_version	STRING
laboratory_procedure	laboratory_procedure_id	STRING
laboratory_procedure	laboratory_procedure_target_type	STRING
laboratory_procedure	laboratory_procedure_type	STRING
laboratory_procedure	reagent_description	STRING
laboratory_procedure	software_name	STRING
laboratory_procedure	software_version	STRING
program	date_of_approval	DATETIME
program	dbgap_accession_number	STRING
program	embargo_date	DATETIME
program	end_date	DATETIME
program	in_review	BOOLEAN
program	index_date	Diagnosis
program	index_date	First Patient Visit
program	index_date	First Treatment
program	index_date	Initial Genomic Sequencing
program	index_date	Sample Procurement
program	index_date	Study Enrollment
program	intended_release_date	DATETIME
program	is_legacy	BOOLEAN
program	program_acronym	STRING
program	program_external_url	STRING
program	program_full_description	STRING
program	program_id	STRING
program	program_manager	STRING
program	program_name	STRING
program	program_short_description	STRING
program	program_sort_order	INTEGER
program	releasable	BOOLEAN
program	release_requested	BOOLEAN
program	released	BOOLEAN
program	request_submission	BOOLEAN
program	sponsor	STRING
program	start_date	DATETIME
program	state	closed
program	state	legacy
program	state	open
program	state	processed
program	state	processing
program	state	review
program	state	submitted
program	submission_enabled	BOOLEAN
project	acquisition_type	STRING
project	analytical_fraction	STRING
project	date_of_approval	DATETIME
project	dbgap_accession_number	STRING
project	embargo_date	DATETIME
project	end_date	DATETIME
project	in_review	BOOLEAN
project	index_date	Diagnosis
project	index_date	First Patient Visit
project	index_date	First Treatment
project	index_date	Initial Genomic Sequencing
project	index_date	Sample Procurement
project	index_date	Study Enrollment
project	intended_release_date	DATETIME
project	is_legacy	BOOLEAN
project	primary_site	STRING
project	project_acronym	STRING
project	project_external_url	STRING
project	project_full_description	STRING
project	project_id	STRING
project	project_manager	STRING
project	project_name	STRING
project	project_short_description	STRING
project	project_sort_order	INTEGER
project	project_type	STRING
project	releasable	BOOLEAN
project	release_requested	BOOLEAN
project	released	BOOLEAN
project	request_submission	BOOLEAN
project	start_date	DATETIME
project	state	closed
project	state	legacy
project	state	open
project	state	processed
project	state	processing
project	state	review
project	state	submitted
project	submission_enabled	BOOLEAN
report	md5sum	STRING
report	report_description	STRING
report	report_format	STRING
report	report_id	STRING
report	report_location	STRING
report	report_name	STRING
report	report_size	NUMBER
report	report_type	STRING
sample	analysis_area	NUMBER
sample	analysis_area_percentage_glass	NUMBER
sample	analysis_area_percentage_pigmented_tumor	NUMBER
sample	analysis_area_percentage_stroma	NUMBER
sample	analysis_area_percentage_tumor	NUMBER
sample	catalog_reference	STRING
sample	comment	STRING
sample	composition	2D Classical Conditionally Reprogrammed Cells
sample	composition	2D Modified Conditionally Reprogrammed Cells
sample	composition	3D Air-Liquid Interface Organoid
sample	composition	3D Neurosphere
sample	composition	3D Organoid
sample	composition	Adherent Cell Line
sample	composition	Bone Marrow Components
sample	composition	Bone Marrow Components NOS
sample	composition	Buccal Cells
sample	composition	Buffy Coat
sample	composition	Cell
sample	composition	Control Analyte
sample	composition	Derived Cell Line
sample	composition	EBV Immortalized
sample	composition	Fibroblasts from Bone Marrow Normal
sample	composition	Granulocytes
sample	composition	Human Original Cells
sample	composition	Liquid Suspension Cell Line
sample	composition	Lymphocytes
sample	composition	Mononuclear Cells from Bone Marrow Normal
sample	composition	Not Allowed To Collect
sample	composition	Not Reported
sample	composition	Peripheral Blood Components NOS
sample	composition	Peripheral Whole Blood
sample	composition	Plasma
sample	composition	Pleural Effusion
sample	composition	Saliva
sample	composition	Serum
sample	composition	Solid Tissue
sample	composition	Sorted Cells
sample	composition	Sputum
sample	composition	Unknown
sample	composition	Whole Bone Marrow
sample	current_weight	NUMBER (milligram)
sample	date_of_sample_collection	DATETIME
sample	days_to_collection	INTEGER
sample	days_to_sample_procurement	INTEGER
sample	diagnosis_pathologically_confirmed	No
sample	diagnosis_pathologically_confirmed	Not Allowed To Collect
sample	diagnosis_pathologically_confirmed	Not Reported
sample	diagnosis_pathologically_confirmed	Unknown
sample	diagnosis_pathologically_confirmed	Yes
sample	distance_normal_to_tumor	Adjacent (< or = 2cm)
sample	distance_normal_to_tumor	Distal (>2cm)
sample	distance_normal_to_tumor	Not Reported
sample	distance_normal_to_tumor	Unknown
sample	distributor_reference	STRING
sample	growth_rate	NUMBER (hour)
sample	initial_weight	NUMBER (milligram)
sample	intermediate_dimension	NUMBER (millimeter)
sample	longest_dimension	NUMBER (millimeter)
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Abdomino-perineal Resection of Rectum
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Anterior Resection of Rectum
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Ascites Drainage
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Aspirate
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Autopsy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Biopsy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Blood Draw
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Bone Marrow Aspirate
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Core Biopsy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Cystectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Endo Rectal Tumor Resection
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Endoscopic Biopsy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Endoscopic Mucosal Resection (EMR)
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Enucleation
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Excisional Biopsy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Fine Needle Aspiration
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Full Hysterectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Gross Total Resection
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Hand Assisted Laparoscopic Radical Nephrectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Hysterectomy NOS
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Incisional Biopsy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Indeterminant
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Laparoscopic Biopsy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Laparoscopic Partial Nephrectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Laparoscopic Radical Nephrectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Laparoscopic Radical Prostatectomy with Robotics
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Laparoscopic Radical Prostatectomy without Robotics
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Left Hemicolectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Liquid Biopsy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Lobectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Local Resection (Exoresection; wall resection)
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Lumpectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Lymphadenectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Metastasectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Modified Radical Mastectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Needle Biopsy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Not Allowed To Collect
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Not Reported
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Omentectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Oophorectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Open Craniotomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Open Partial Nephrectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Open Radical Nephrectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Open Radical Prostatectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Orchiectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Other
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Other Surgical Resection
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Pan-Procto Colectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Pancreatectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Paracentesis
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Partial Hepatectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Peritoneal Lavage
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Pneumonectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Punch Biopsy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Radical Hysterectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Right Hemicolectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Salpingectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Salpingo-oophorectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Sigmoid Colectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Simple Hysterectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Simple Mastectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Subtotal Resection
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Supracervical Hysterectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Surgical Resection
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Thoracentesis
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Thoracoscopic Biopsy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Total Colectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Total Hepatectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Total Mastectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Transplant
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Transurethral resection (TURBT)
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Transverse Colectomy
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Tumor Debulking
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Tumor Resection
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Unknown
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Wedge Resection
sample	method_of_sample_procurement	Whipple Procedure
sample	necropsy_sample	BOOLEAN
sample	non_tumor_tissue_area	NUMBER
sample	passage_count	INTEGER
sample	percentage_stroma	NUMBER
sample	percentage_tumor	NUMBER
sample	pool	STRING
sample	preservation_method	Cryopreserved
sample	preservation_method	FFPE
sample	preservation_method	Fresh
sample	preservation_method	Frozen
sample	preservation_method	Not Allowed To Collect
sample	preservation_method	Not Reported
sample	preservation_method	OCT
sample	preservation_method	Snap Frozen
sample	preservation_method	Unknown
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Abdomen
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Abdominal Wall
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Acetabulum
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Adenoid
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Adipose
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Adrenal
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Alveolar Ridge
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Amniotic Fluid
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Ampulla Of Vater
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Anal Sphincter
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Ankle
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Anorectum
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Antecubital Fossa
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Antrum
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Anus
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Aorta
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Aortic Body
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Appendix
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Aqueous Fluid
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Arm
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Artery
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Ascending Colon
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Ascending Colon Hepatic Flexure
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Auditory Canal
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Autonomic Nervous System
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Axilla
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Back
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Bile Duct
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Bladder
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Blood
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Blood Vessel
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Bone
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Bone Marrow
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Bowel
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Brain
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Brain Stem
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Breast
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Broad Ligament
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Bronchiole
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Bronchus
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Brow
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Buccal Cavity
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Buccal Mucosa
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Buttock
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Calf
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Capillary
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Cardia
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Carina
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Carotid Artery
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Carotid Body
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Cartilage
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Cecum
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Cell-Line
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Central Nervous System
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Cerebellum
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Cerebral Cortex
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Cerebrospinal Fluid
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Cerebrum
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Cervical Spine
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Cervix
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Chest
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Chest Wall
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Chin
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Clavicle
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Clitoris
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Colon
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Colon - Mucosa Only
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Common Duct
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Conjunctiva
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Connective Tissue
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Dermal
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Descending Colon
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Diaphragm
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Duodenum
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Ear
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Ear Canal
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Ear, Pinna (External)
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Effusion
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Elbow
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Endocrine Gland
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Epididymis
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Epidural Space
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Esophageal; Distal
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Esophageal; Mid
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Esophageal; Proximal
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Esophagogastric Junction
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Esophagus
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Esophagus - Mucosa Only
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Eye
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Fallopian Tube
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Femoral Artery
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Femoral Vein
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Femur
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Fibroblasts
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Fibula
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Finger
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Floor Of Mouth
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Fluid
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Foot
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Forearm
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Forehead
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Foreskin
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Frontal Cortex
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Frontal Lobe
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Fundus Of Stomach
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Gallbladder
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Ganglia
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Gastroesophageal Junction
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Gastrointestinal Tract
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Groin
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Gum
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Hand
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Hard Palate
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Head & Neck
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Head - Face Or Neck, Nos
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Heart
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Hepatic
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Hepatic Duct
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Hepatic Flexure
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Hepatic Vein
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Hip
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Hippocampus
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Humerus
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Hypopharynx
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Ileum
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Ilium
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Index Finger
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Ischium
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Islet Cells
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Jaw
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Jejunum
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Joint
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Kidney
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Knee
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lacrimal Gland
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Large Bowel
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Laryngopharynx
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Larynx
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Leg
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Leptomeninges
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Ligament
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lip
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Liver
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lumbar Spine
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lung
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Axilla
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Cervical
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Distant
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Epitrochlear
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Femoral
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Hilar
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Iliac-Common
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Iliac-External
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Inguinal
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Internal Mammary
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Mammary
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Mesenteric
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Occipital
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Paraaortic
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Parotid
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Pelvic
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Popliteal
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Regional
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Retroperitoneal
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Scalene
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Splenic
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Subclavicular
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Submandibular
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Supraclavicular
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Lymph Nodes(s) Mediastinal
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Mandible
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Maxilla
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Mediastinal Soft Tissue
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Mediastinum
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Mesentery
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Mesothelium
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Middle Finger
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Mitochondria
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Muscle
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Nails
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Nasal Cavity
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Nasal Soft Tissue
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Nasopharynx
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Neck
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Nerve
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Nerve(s) Cranial
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Not Allowed To Collect
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Not Reported
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Occipital Cortex
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Ocular Orbits
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Omentum
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Oral Cavity
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Oral Cavity - Mucosa Only
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Oropharynx
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Other
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Ovary
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Palate
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Pancreas
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Paraspinal Ganglion
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Parathyroid
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Parotid Gland
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Patella
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Pelvis
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Penis
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Pericardium
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Periorbital Soft Tissue
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Peritoneal Cavity
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Peritoneum
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Pharynx
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Pineal
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Pineal Gland
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Pituitary Gland
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Placenta
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Pleura
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Popliteal Fossa
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Prostate
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Pylorus
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Rectosigmoid Junction
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Rectum
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Retina
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Retro-Orbital Region
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Retroperitoneum
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Rib
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Ring Finger
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Round Ligament
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Sacrum
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Salivary Gland
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Scalp
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Scapula
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Sciatic Nerve
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Scrotum
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Seminal Vesicle
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Shoulder
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Sigmoid Colon
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Sinus
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Sinus(es), Maxillary
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Skeletal Muscle
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Skin
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Skull
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Small Bowel
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Small Bowel - Mucosa Only
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Small Finger
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Soft Tissue
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Spinal Column
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Spinal Cord
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Spleen
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Splenic Flexure
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Sternum
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Stomach
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Stomach - Mucosa Only
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Subcutaneous Tissue
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Synovium
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Temporal Cortex
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Tendon
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Testis
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Thigh
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Thoracic Spine
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Thorax
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Throat
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Thumb
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Thymus
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Thyroid
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Tibia
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Tongue
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Tonsil
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Tonsil (Pharyngeal)
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Trachea / Major Bronchi
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Transverse Colon
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Trunk
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Umbilical Cord
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Unknown
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Ureter
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Urethra
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Urinary Tract
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Uterus
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Uvula
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Vagina
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Vas Deferens
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Vein
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Venous
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Vertebra
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Vulva
sample	sample_anatomic_site	White Blood Cells
sample	sample_anatomic_site	Wrist
sample	sample_id	STRING
sample	sample_is_ref	STRING
sample	sample_laterality	Bilateral
sample	sample_laterality	Left
sample	sample_laterality	Not Reported
sample	sample_laterality	Right
sample	sample_laterality	Unknown
sample	sample_type	Additional - New Primary
sample	sample_type	Additional Metastatic
sample	sample_type	Benign Neoplasms
sample	sample_type	Blood Derived Cancer - Bone Marrow
sample	sample_type	Blood Derived Cancer - Bone Marrow, Post-treatment
sample	sample_type	Blood Derived Cancer - Peripheral Blood
sample	sample_type	Blood Derived Cancer - Peripheral Blood, Post-treatment
sample	sample_type	Blood Derived Liquid Biopsy
sample	sample_type	Blood Derived Normal
sample	sample_type	Bone Marrow Normal
sample	sample_type	Buccal Cell Normal
sample	sample_type	Cell Line Derived Xenograft Tissue
sample	sample_type	Cell Lines
sample	sample_type	Control Analyte
sample	sample_type	DNA
sample	sample_type	EBV Immortalized Normal
sample	sample_type	Expanded Next Generation Cancer Model
sample	sample_type	FFPE Recurrent
sample	sample_type	FFPE Scrolls
sample	sample_type	Fibroblasts from Bone Marrow Normal
sample	sample_type	GenomePlex (Rubicon) Amplified DNA
sample	sample_type	Granulocytes
sample	sample_type	Human Tumor Original Cells
sample	sample_type	In Situ Neoplasms
sample	sample_type	Lymphoid Normal
sample	sample_type	Metastatic
sample	sample_type	Mononuclear Cells from Bone Marrow Normal
sample	sample_type	Neoplasms of Uncertain and Unknown Behavior
sample	sample_type	Next Generation Cancer Model
sample	sample_type	Not Allowed To Collect
sample	sample_type	Not Reported
sample	sample_type	Pleural Effusion
sample	sample_type	Post neo-adjuvant therapy
sample	sample_type	Primary Blood Derived Cancer - Bone Marrow
sample	sample_type	Primary Blood Derived Cancer - Peripheral Blood
sample	sample_type	Primary Tumor
sample	sample_type	Primary Xenograft Tissue
sample	sample_type	RNA
sample	sample_type	Recurrent Blood Derived Cancer - Bone Marrow
sample	sample_type	Recurrent Blood Derived Cancer - Peripheral Blood
sample	sample_type	Recurrent Tumor
sample	sample_type	Repli-G (Qiagen) DNA
sample	sample_type	Repli-G X (Qiagen) DNA
sample	sample_type	Slides
sample	sample_type	Solid Tissue Normal
sample	sample_type	Total RNA
sample	sample_type	Tumor
sample	sample_type	Tumor Adjacent Normal - Post Neo-adjuvant Therapy
sample	sample_type	Unknown
sample	sample_type	Xenograft Tissue
sample	sample_type_id	01
sample	sample_type_id	02
sample	sample_type_id	03
sample	sample_type_id	04
sample	sample_type_id	05
sample	sample_type_id	06
sample	sample_type_id	07
sample	sample_type_id	08
sample	sample_type_id	09
sample	sample_type_id	10
sample	sample_type_id	11
sample	sample_type_id	12
sample	sample_type_id	13
sample	sample_type_id	14
sample	sample_type_id	15
sample	sample_type_id	16
sample	sample_type_id	17
sample	sample_type_id	18
sample	sample_type_id	20
sample	sample_type_id	30
sample	sample_type_id	31
sample	sample_type_id	32
sample	sample_type_id	40
sample	sample_type_id	41
sample	sample_type_id	42
sample	sample_type_id	50
sample	sample_type_id	60
sample	sample_type_id	61
sample	sample_type_id	85
sample	sample_type_id	86
sample	sample_type_id	99
sample	shortest_dimension	NUMBER (millimeter)
sample	time_between_clamping_and_freezing	NUMBER (minute)
sample	time_between_excision_and_freezing	NUMBER (minute)
sample	tissue_type	Abnormal
sample	tissue_type	Normal
sample	tissue_type	Not Allowed To Collect
sample	tissue_type	Not Reported
sample	tissue_type	Peritumoral
sample	tissue_type	Tumor
sample	tissue_type	Unknown
sample	total_tissue_area	NUMBER
sample	tumor_code	Acute Leukemia of Ambiguous Lineage (ALAL)
sample	tumor_code	Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL)
sample	tumor_code	Acute myeloid leukemia (AML)
sample	tumor_code	Anal Cancer (all types)
sample	tumor_code	CNS, ependymoma
sample	tumor_code	CNS, glioblastoma (GBM)
sample	tumor_code	CNS, low grade glioma (LGG)
sample	tumor_code	CNS, medulloblastoma
sample	tumor_code	CNS, other
sample	tumor_code	CNS, rhabdoid tumor
sample	tumor_code	Cervical Cancer (all types)
sample	tumor_code	Clear cell sarcoma of the kidney (CCSK)
sample	tumor_code	Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma (DLBCL)
sample	tumor_code	Ewing sarcoma
sample	tumor_code	Induction Failure AML (AML-IF)
sample	tumor_code	Lung Cancer (all types)
sample	tumor_code	NHL, Burkitt lymphoma (BL)
sample	tumor_code	NHL, anaplastic large cell lymphoma
sample	tumor_code	Neuroblastoma (NBL)
sample	tumor_code	Non cancerous tissue
sample	tumor_code	Osteosarcoma (OS)
sample	tumor_code	Rhabdoid tumor (kidney) (RT)
sample	tumor_code	Rhabdomyosarcoma
sample	tumor_code	Soft tissue sarcoma, non-rhabdomyosarcoma
sample	tumor_code	Wilms tumor (WT)
sample	tumor_code_id	00
sample	tumor_code_id	01
sample	tumor_code_id	02
sample	tumor_code_id	03
sample	tumor_code_id	04
sample	tumor_code_id	10
sample	tumor_code_id	15
sample	tumor_code_id	20
sample	tumor_code_id	21
sample	tumor_code_id	30
sample	tumor_code_id	40
sample	tumor_code_id	41
sample	tumor_code_id	50
sample	tumor_code_id	51
sample	tumor_code_id	52
sample	tumor_code_id	60
sample	tumor_code_id	61
sample	tumor_code_id	62
sample	tumor_code_id	63
sample	tumor_code_id	64
sample	tumor_code_id	65
sample	tumor_code_id	70
sample	tumor_code_id	71
sample	tumor_code_id	80
sample	tumor_code_id	81
sample	tumor_descriptor	Metastatic
sample	tumor_descriptor	NOS
sample	tumor_descriptor	Not Allowed To Collect
sample	tumor_descriptor	Not Applicable
sample	tumor_descriptor	Not Reported
sample	tumor_descriptor	Primary
sample	tumor_descriptor	Recurrence
sample	tumor_descriptor	Unknown
sample	tumor_descriptor	Xenograft
sample	tumor_tissue_area	NUMBER
sample	width_of_tumor	NUMBER
study	acquisition_type	STRING
study	analytical_fraction	STRING
study	date_of_approval	DATETIME
study	dbgap_accession_number	STRING
study	embargo_date	DATETIME
study	end_date	DATETIME
study	in_review	BOOLEAN
study	index_date	Diagnosis
study	index_date	First Patient Visit
study	index_date	First Treatment
study	index_date	Initial Genomic Sequencing
study	index_date	Sample Procurement
study	index_date	Study Enrollment
study	intended_release_date	DATETIME
study	is_legacy	BOOLEAN
study	primary_site	STRING
study	releasable	BOOLEAN
study	release_requested	BOOLEAN
study	released	BOOLEAN
study	request_submission	BOOLEAN
study	start_date	DATETIME
study	state	closed
study	state	legacy
study	state	open
study	state	processed
study	state	processing
study	state	review
study	state	submitted
study	study_acronym	STRING
study	study_external_url	STRING
study	study_full_description	STRING
study	study_id	STRING
study	study_manager	STRING
study	study_name	STRING
study	study_short_description	STRING
study	study_sort_order	INTEGER
study	study_type	STRING
study	submission_enabled	BOOLEAN
study_subject	consent_type	STRING
study_subject	days_to_consent	INTEGER
study_subject	days_to_lost_to_followup	INTEGER
study_subject	disease_type	Acinar Cell Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia
study_subject	disease_type	Acute Myeloid Leukemia
study_subject	disease_type	Adenomas and Adenocarcinomas
study_subject	disease_type	Adnexal and Skin Appendage Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Basal Cell Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Bladder Urothelial Carcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Blood Vessel Tumors
study_subject	disease_type	Brain Lower Grade Glioma
study_subject	disease_type	Breast Invasive Carcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Burkitt Lymphoma
study_subject	disease_type	Cervical Squamous Cell Carcinoma and Endocervical Adenocarcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Cholangiocarcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia
study_subject	disease_type	Chronic Myeloproliferative Disorders
study_subject	disease_type	Clear Cell Sarcoma of the Kidney
study_subject	disease_type	Colon Adenocarcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Complex Epithelial Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Complex Mixed and Stromal Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Cystic, Mucinous and Serous Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Ductal and Lobular Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Epithelial Neoplasms, NOS
study_subject	disease_type	Esophageal Carcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Fibroepithelial Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Fibromatous Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Germ Cell Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Giant Cell Tumors
study_subject	disease_type	Glioblastoma Multiforme
study_subject	disease_type	Gliomas
study_subject	disease_type	Granular Cell Tumors and Alveolar Soft Part Sarcomas
study_subject	disease_type	HIV+ Tumor Molecular Characterization Project - Cervical Cancer
study_subject	disease_type	HIV+ Tumor Molecular Characterization Project - Lung Cancer
study_subject	disease_type	Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	High-Risk Wilms Tumor
study_subject	disease_type	Hodgkin Lymphoma
study_subject	disease_type	Immunoproliferative Diseases
study_subject	disease_type	Kidney Chromophobe
study_subject	disease_type	Kidney Renal Clear Cell Carcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Kidney Renal Papillary Cell Carcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Leukemias, NOS
study_subject	disease_type	Lipomatous Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Liver Hepatocellular Carcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Lung Adenocarcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Lung Squamous Cell Carcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Lymphatic Vessel Tumors
study_subject	disease_type	Lymphoid Leukemias
study_subject	disease_type	Lymphoid Neoplasm Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma
study_subject	disease_type	Malignant Lymphomas, NOS or Diffuse
study_subject	disease_type	Mast Cell Tumors
study_subject	disease_type	Mature B-Cell Lymphomas
study_subject	disease_type	Mature T- and NK-Cell Lymphomas
study_subject	disease_type	Meningiomas
study_subject	disease_type	Mesonephromas
study_subject	disease_type	Mesothelial Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Mesothelioma
study_subject	disease_type	Miscellaneous Bone Tumors
study_subject	disease_type	Miscellaneous Tumors
study_subject	disease_type	Mucoepidermoid Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Multiple Myeloma
study_subject	disease_type	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
study_subject	disease_type	Myeloid Leukemias
study_subject	disease_type	Myomatous Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Myxomatous Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Neoplasms of Histiocytes and Accessory Lymphoid Cells
study_subject	disease_type	Neoplasms, NOS
study_subject	disease_type	Nerve Sheath Tumors
study_subject	disease_type	Neuroblastoma
study_subject	disease_type	Neuroepitheliomatous Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Nevi and Melanomas
study_subject	disease_type	Not Applicable
study_subject	disease_type	Not Reported
study_subject	disease_type	Odontogenic Tumors
study_subject	disease_type	Osseous and Chondromatous Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Osteosarcoma
study_subject	disease_type	Other Hematologic Disorders
study_subject	disease_type	Other Leukemias
study_subject	disease_type	Ovarian Serous Cystadenocarcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Paragangliomas and Glomus Tumors
study_subject	disease_type	Pheochromocytoma and Paraganglioma
study_subject	disease_type	Plasma Cell Tumors
study_subject	disease_type	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Lymphoma
study_subject	disease_type	Prostate Adenocarcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Rectum Adenocarcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Rhabdoid Tumor
study_subject	disease_type	Sarcoma
study_subject	disease_type	Skin Cutaneous Melanoma
study_subject	disease_type	Soft Tissue Tumors and Sarcomas, NOS
study_subject	disease_type	Specialized Gonadal Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Squamous Cell Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Stomach Adenocarcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Synovial-like Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Testicular Germ Cell Tumors
study_subject	disease_type	Thymic Epithelial Neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Thymoma
study_subject	disease_type	Thyroid Carcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Transitional Cell Papillomas and Carcinomas
study_subject	disease_type	Trophoblastic neoplasms
study_subject	disease_type	Unknown
study_subject	disease_type	Uterine Carcinosarcoma
study_subject	disease_type	Uterine Corpus Endometrial Carcinoma
study_subject	disease_type	Uveal Melanoma
study_subject	index_date	Diagnosis
study_subject	index_date	First Patient Visit
study_subject	index_date	First Treatment
study_subject	index_date	Initial Genomic Sequencing
study_subject	index_date	Sample Procurement
study_subject	index_date	Study Enrollment
study_subject	lost_to_followup	No
study_subject	lost_to_followup	Unknown
study_subject	lost_to_followup	Yes
study_subject	pool	STRING
study_subject	primary_site	STRING
study_subject	status	Disqualified
study_subject	status	Qualified
study_subject	study_subject_first_name	STRING
study_subject	study_subject_id	STRING
study_subject	study_subject_is_ref	STRING
study_subject	study_subject_source_id	STRING
study_subject	taxon	STRING
therapeutic_procedure	days_to_treatment_end	INTEGER
therapeutic_procedure	days_to_treatment_start	INTEGER
therapeutic_procedure	initial_disease_status	Initial Diagnosis
therapeutic_procedure	initial_disease_status	Not Reported
therapeutic_procedure	initial_disease_status	Progressive Disease
therapeutic_procedure	initial_disease_status	Recurrent Disease
therapeutic_procedure	initial_disease_status	Residual Disease
therapeutic_procedure	initial_disease_status	Unknown
therapeutic_procedure	regimen_or_line_of_therapy	STRING
therapeutic_procedure	therapeutic_agents	STRING
therapeutic_procedure	therapeutic_procedure_id	STRING
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Abdomen, total
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Abdominal Wall
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Acetabulum
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Adenoid
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Adipose
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Adrenal
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Alveolar Ridge
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Amniotic Fluid
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Ampulla of Vater
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Anal Sphincter
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Ankle
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Anorectum
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Antecubital Fossa
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Antrum
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Anus
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Aorta
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Aortic Body
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Appendix
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Aqueous Fluid
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Arm
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Artery
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Ascending Colon
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Ascending Colon Hepatic Flexure
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Ascites
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Auditory Canal
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Autonomic Nervous System
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Axilla
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Back
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Bile Duct
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Bladder
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Blood
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Blood Vessel
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Body, total
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Bone
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Bone Marrow
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Bone, non-spine
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Bowel
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Brain
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Brain Stem
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Breast
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Broad Ligament
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Bronchiole
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Bronchus
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Brow
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Buccal Cavity
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Buccal Mucosa
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Buttock
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Calf
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Capillary
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Cardia
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Carina
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Carotid Artery
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Carotid Body
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Cartilage
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Cecum
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Cell-Line
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Central Nervous System
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Cerebellum
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Cerebral Cortex
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Cerebrospinal Fluid
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Cerebrum
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Cervical Spine
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Cervix
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Chest
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Chest Wall
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Chin
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Clavicle
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Clitoris
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Colon
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Colon - Mucosa Only
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Common Duct
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Conjunctiva
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Connective Tissue
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Dermal
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Descending Colon
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Diaphragm
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Distant Site
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Duodenum
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Ear
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Ear Canal
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Ear, Pinna (External)
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Elbow
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Endocrine Gland
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Epididymis
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Epidural Space
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Epitrochlear
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Esophagogastric Junction
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Esophagus
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Esophagus - Mucosa Only
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Eye
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Fallopian Tube
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Femoral Artery
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Femoral Vein
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Femur
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Fibroblasts
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Fibula
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Finger
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Floor of Mouth
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Fluid
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Foot
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Forearm
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Forehead
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Foreskin
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Frontal Cortex
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Frontal Lobe
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Fundus of Stomach
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Gallbladder
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Ganglia
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Gastroesophageal Junction
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Gastrointestinal Tract
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Gastrointestinal, Intestine
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Genitourinary, NOS
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Groin
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Gum
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Hand
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Hard Palate
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Head - Face Or Neck, Nos
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Head and Neck
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Heart
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Hepatic
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Hepatic Duct
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Hepatic Vein
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Hilar
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Hip
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Hippocampus
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Humerus
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Hypopharynx
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Ileocecal Valve
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Ileum
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Ilium
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Index Finger
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Ischium
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Islet Cells
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Jaw
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Jejunum
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Joint
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Kidney
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Knee
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lacrimal Gland
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Large Bowel
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Laryngopharynx
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Larynx
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Leg
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Leptomeninges
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Ligament
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lip
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Liver
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lumbar Spine
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lung
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Axilla
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Cervical
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Distant
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Epitrochlear
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Femoral
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Hilar
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Iliac-Common
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Iliac-External
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Inguinal
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Internal Mammary
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Mammary
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Mediastinal
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Mesenteric
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Occipital
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Paraaortic
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Parotid
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Pelvic
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Popliteal
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Regional
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Retroperitoneal
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Scalene
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Splenic
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Subclavicular
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Submandibular
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Lymph Node(s) Supraclavicular
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Mandible
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Mantle
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Maxilla
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Mediastinal Soft Tissue
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Mediastinum
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Mesentery
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Mesothelium
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Middle Finger
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Mitochondria
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Muscle
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Nails
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Nasal Cavity
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Nasal Soft Tissue
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Nasopharynx
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Neck
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Nerve
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Nerve(s) Cranial
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Not Reported
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Occipital Cortex
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Ocular Orbits
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Omentum
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Oral Cavity
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Oral Cavity - Mucosa Only
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Oropharynx
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Other
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Ovary
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Palate
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Pancreas
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Parametrium
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Paraspinal Ganglion
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Parathyroid
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Parotid Gland
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Patella
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Pelvis
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Penis
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Pericardium
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Periorbital Soft Tissue
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Peritoneal Cavity
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Peritoneum
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Pharynx
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Pineal
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Pineal Gland
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Pituitary Gland
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Placenta
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Pleura
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Popliteal Fossa
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Pouch
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Primary Tumor Field
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Primary tumor site
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Prostate
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Prostate Bed
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Prostate, Seminal Vesicles and Lymph Nodes
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Pylorus
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Rectosigmoid Junction
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Rectum
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Regional Site
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Retina
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Retro-Orbital Region
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Retroperitoneum
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Rib
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Ring Finger
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Round Ligament
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Sacrum
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Salivary Gland
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Scalp
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Scapula
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Sciatic Nerve
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Scrotum
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Seminal Vesicle
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Shoulder
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Sigmoid Colon
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Sinus
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Sinus(es), Maxillary
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Skeletal Muscle
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Skin
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Skin, lower extremity, local
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Skin, total
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Skin, trunk, local
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Skin, upper extremity, local
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Skull
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Small Bowel
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Small Bowel - Mucosa Only
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Small Finger
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Soft Tissue
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Spinal Column
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Spinal Cord
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Spine
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Spleen
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Splenic Flexure
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Sternum
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Stomach
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Stomach - Mucosa Only
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Subcutaneous Tissue
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Synovium
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Temporal Cortex
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Tendon
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Testis
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Thigh
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Thoracic Spine
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Thorax
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Throat
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Thumb
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Thymus
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Thyroid
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Tibia
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Tongue
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Tonsil
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Tonsil (Pharyngeal)
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Trachea / Major Bronchi
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Transverse Colon
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Trunk
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Umbilical Cord
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Unknown
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Ureter
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Urethra
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Urinary Tract
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Uterus
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Uvula
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Vagina
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Vas Deferens
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Vein
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Venous
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Vertebra
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Vulva
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	White Blood Cells
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_anatomic_site	Wrist
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_effect	Complete Necrosis (No Viable Tumor)
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_effect	Incomplete Necrosis (Viable Tumor Present)
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_effect	No Necrosis
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_effect	Not Reported
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_effect	Unknown
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_intent_type	Adjuvant
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_intent_type	Cancer Control
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_intent_type	Cure
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_intent_type	Neoadjuvant
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_intent_type	Not Reported
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_intent_type	Palliative
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_intent_type	Prevention
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_intent_type	Unknown
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_or_therapy	no
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_or_therapy	not reported
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_or_therapy	unknown
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_or_therapy	yes
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_outcome	Complete Response
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_outcome	Mixed Response
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_outcome	No Measurable Disease
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_outcome	No Response
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_outcome	Not Reported
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_outcome	Partial Response
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_outcome	Persistent Disease
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_outcome	Progressive Disease
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_outcome	Stable Disease
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_outcome	Treatment Ongoing
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_outcome	Treatment Stopped Due to Toxicity
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_outcome	Unknown
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_outcome	Very Good Partial Response
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Ablation, Cryo
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Ablation, Ethanol Injection
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Ablation, Microwave
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Ablation, NOS
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Ablation, Radiofrequency
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Ablation, Radiosurgical
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Ancillary Treatment
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Antiseizure Treatment
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Bisphosphonate Therapy
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Blinded Study, Treatment Unknown
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Brachytherapy, High Dose
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Brachytherapy, Low Dose
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Brachytherapy, NOS
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Chemoembolization
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Chemoprotectant
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Chemotherapy
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Concurrent Chemoradiation
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Cryoablation
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Embolization
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Ethanol Injection Ablation
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	External Beam Radiation
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Hormone Therapy
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	I-131 Radiation Therapy
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Immunotherapy (Including Vaccines)
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Internal Radiation
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Isolated Limb Perfusion (ILP)
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Not Allowed To Collect
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Not Reported
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Organ Transplantation
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Other
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Pharmaceutical Therapy, NOS
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Pleurodesis
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Radiation Therapy, NOS
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Radiation, 2D Conventional
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Radiation, 3D Conformal
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Radiation, Combination
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Radiation, Cyberknife
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Radiation, External Beam
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Radiation, Implants
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Radiation, Intensity-Modulated Radiotherapy
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Radiation, Internal
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Radiation, Proton Beam
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Radiation, Radioisotope
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Radiation, Stereotactic/Gamma Knife/SRS
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Radiation, Systemic
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Radioactive Iodine Therapy
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Radioembolization
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Radiosensitizing Agent
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Stem Cell Transplantation, Allogeneic
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Stem Cell Transplantation, Autologous
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Stem Cell Transplantation, Double Autologous
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Stem Cell Transplantation, Haploidentical
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Stem Cell Transplantation, NOS
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Stem Cell Transplantation, Non-Myeloablative
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Stem Cell Transplantation, Syngenic
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Stem Cell Treatment
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Stereotactic Radiosurgery
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Steroid Therapy
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Surgery
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Targeted Molecular Therapy
therapeutic_procedure	treatment_type	Unknown

relationship	source_node	destination_node	property	value_or_TYPE
cross_referenced_at	study_subject	cross_reference_database	cross_reference_id	STRING
cross_referenced_at	study_subject	cross_reference_database	cross_reference_url	STRING
of_aliquot	report	aliquot	NA	NA
of_analyte	report	analyte	NA	NA
of_analyte	aliquot	analyte	NA	NA
of_diagnosis	therapeutic_procedure	diagnosis	NA	NA
of_diagnosis	file	diagnosis	NA	NA
of_diagnosis	follow_up	diagnosis	NA	NA
of_fraction	analyte	fraction	NA	NA
of_fraction	report	fraction	NA	NA
of_institution	program	institution	NA	NA
of_laboratory_procedure	report	laboratory_procedure	NA	NA
of_laboratory_procedure	file	laboratory_procedure	NA	NA
of_program	laboratory_procedure	program	NA	NA
of_program	study_subject	program	NA	NA
of_program	project	program	NA	NA
of_program	study	program	NA	NA
of_program	file	program	NA	NA
of_project	study_subject	project	NA	NA
of_project	file	project	NA	NA
of_sample	report	sample	NA	NA
of_sample	analyte	sample	NA	NA
of_sample	file	sample	NA	NA
of_sample	fraction	sample	NA	NA
of_study	file	study	NA	NA
of_study	study_subject	study	NA	NA
of_study_subject	sample	study_subject	NA	NA
of_study_subject	exposure	study_subject	NA	NA
of_study_subject	demographic_data	study_subject	NA	NA
of_study_subject	family_medical_history	study_subject	NA	NA
of_study_subject	follow_up	study_subject	NA	NA
of_study_subject	file	study_subject	NA	NA
of_study_subject	diagnosis	study_subject	NA	NA
processed_by	sample	laboratory_procedure	NA	NA
processed_by	analyte	laboratory_procedure	NA	NA
processed_by	fraction	laboratory_procedure	NA	NA
processed_by	aliquot	laboratory_procedure	NA	NA

property	description
a260_a280_ratio	Numeric value that represents the sample ratio of nucleic acid absorbance at 260 nm and 280 nm, used to determine a measure of DNA purity.
acquisition_type	The modes of acquisition used in study- data dependent acquisition (DDA), data independent acquisition (DIA). Relevant for proteomic studies.
adverse_event	Text that represents the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events low level term name for an adverse event.
age_at_diagnosis	Age at the time of diagnosis expressed in number of days since birth.
age_at_index	The study subject's age (in years) on the reference or anchor date date used during date obfuscation.
age_is_obfuscated	The age of the study subject has been modified for compliance reasons. The actual age differs from what is reported. Other date intervals for this study subject may also be modified.
ajcc_clinical_m	Extent of the distant metastasis for the cancer based on evidence obtained from clinical assessment parameters determined prior to treatment.
ajcc_clinical_n	Extent of the regional lymph node involvement for the cancer based on evidence obtained from clinical assessment parameters determined prior to treatment.
ajcc_clinical_stage	Stage group determined from clinical information on the tumor (T), regional node (N) and metastases (M) and by grouping cases with similar prognosis for cancer.
ajcc_clinical_t	Extent of the primary cancer based on evidence obtained from clinical assessment parameters determined prior to treatment.
ajcc_pathologic_m	Code to represent the defined absence or presence of distant spread or metastases (M) to locations via vascular channels or lymphatics beyond the regional lymph nodes, using criteria established by the American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC).
ajcc_pathologic_n	The codes that represent the stage of cancer based on the nodes present (N stage) according to criteria based on multiple editions of the AJCC's Cancer Staging Manual.
ajcc_pathologic_stage	The extent of a cancer, especially whether the disease has spread from the original site to other parts of the body based on AJCC staging criteria.
ajcc_pathologic_t	Code of pathological T (primary tumor) to define the size or contiguous extension of the primary tumor (T), using staging criteria from the American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC).
ajcc_staging_system_edition	The text term used to describe the version or edition of the American Joint Committee on Cancer Staging Handbooks, a publication by the group formed for the purpose of developing a system of staging for cancer that is acceptable to the American medical profession and is compatible with other accepted classifications.
alcohol_days_per_week	Numeric value used to describe the average number of days each week that a person consumes an alcoholic beverage.
alcohol_drinks_per_day	Numeric value used to describe the average number of alcoholic beverages a person consumes per day.
alcohol_history	A response to a question that asks whether the participant has consumed at least 12 drinks of any kind of alcoholic beverage in their lifetime.
alcohol_intensity	Category to describe the patient's current level of alcohol use as self-reported by the patient.
aliquot_concentration	Numeric value that represents the concentration of an analyte or aliquot extracted from the sample or sample fraction.
aliquot_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to the analyte derived from a sample, fraction or analyte.
aliquot_is_ref	A biospecimen entity which is used as a reference sample for determining relative protein abundances in labeling experiments.
aliquot_quantity	The weight of the aliquot(s) derived from the analyte(s).
aliquot_volume	The volume of the aliquot(s) derived from the analyte(s).
analysis_area	The total area of a sample that is used for analysis.
analysis_area_percentage_glass	The area of a sample on a slide that is represented by glass; the area of the sample that represents gaps in the sample.
analysis_area_percentage_pigmented_tumor	The area of a sample on a slide that is represented by pigmented tumor tissue, which will be analyzed.
analysis_area_percentage_stroma	The percentage of the analysis area that is represented by stromal tissue.
analysis_area_percentage_tumor	The percentage of the analysis area that is represented by tumor tissue.
analyte_concentration	Numeric value that represents the concentration of an analyte or aliquot extracted from the sample or sample fraction.
analyte_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to the analyte derived from the sample.
analyte_quantity	The weight  of analyte
analyte_type	Text term that represents the kind of molecular specimen analyte.
analyte_type_id	A single letter code used to identify a type of molecular analyte.
analyte_volume	The volume of analyte
analytical_fraction	Type of analyte being processed/examined.
anaplasia_present	Yes/no/unknown/not reported indicator used to describe whether anaplasia was present at the time of diagnosis.
anaplasia_present_type	The text term used to describe the morphologic findings indicating the presence of a malignant cellular infiltrate characterized by the presence of large pleomorphic cells, necrosis, and high mitotic activity in a tissue sample.
ann_arbor_b_symptoms	Text term to signify whether lymphoma B-symptoms are present as noted in the patient's medical record.
ann_arbor_clinical_stage	The text term used to describe the clinical classification of lymphoma, as defined by the Ann Arbor Lymphoma Staging System.
ann_arbor_extranodal_involvement	Indicator that identifies whether a patient with malignant lymphoma has lymphomatous involvement of an extranodal site.
ann_arbor_pathologic_stage	The text term used to describe the pathologic classification of lymphoma, as defined by the Ann Arbor Lymphoma Staging System.
asbestos_exposure	The yes/no/unknown indicator used to describe whether the patient was exposed to asbestos.
barretts_esophagus_goblet_cells_present	The yes/no/unknown indicator used to describe whether goblet cells were determined to be present in a patient diagnosed with Barrett's esophagus.
best_overall_response	The best improvement achieved throughout the entire course of protocol treatment.
bmi	A calculated numerical quantity that represents an individual's weight to height ratio.
breed	A group of animals homogeneous in appearance and other characteristics that distinguish it from other animals of the same species.
breslow_thickness	The number that describes the distance, in millimeters, between the upper layer of the epidermis and the deepest point of tumor penetration.
burkitt_lymphoma_clinical_variant	Burkitt's lymphoma categorization based on clinical features that differ from other forms of the same disease.
catalog_reference	HCMI catalog reference number for cancer model.
cause_of_death	Text term to identify the cause of death for a patient.
cause_of_death_source	The text term used to describe the source used to determine the study subject's cause of death.
cause_of_response	The text term used to describe the suspected cause or reason for the patient disease response.
child_pugh_classification	The text term used to describe the classification used in the prognosis of chronic liver disease, mainly cirrhosis.
cigarettes_per_day	The average number of cigarettes smoked per day.
circumferential_resection_margin	Numeric value used to describe the non-peritonealised bare area of rectum, comprising anterior and posterior segments, when submitted as a surgical specimen resulting from excision of cancer of the rectum.
classification_of_tumor	Text that describes the kind of disease present in the tumor specimen as related to a specific timepoint.
coal_dust_exposure	The yes/no/unknown indicator used to describe whether a patient was exposed to fine powder derived by the crushing of coal.
cog_liver_stage	The text term used to describe the staging classification of liver tumors, as defined by the Children's Oncology Group (COG). This staging system specifically describes the extent of the primary tumor prior to treatment.
cog_neuroblastoma_risk_group	Text term that represents the categorization of patients on the basis of prognostic factors per a system developed by Children's Oncology Group (COG). Risk level is used to assign treatment intensity.
cog_renal_stage	The text term used to describe the staging classification of renal tumors, as defined by the Children's Oncology Group (COG).
cog_rhabdomyosarcoma_risk_group	Text term used to describe the classification of rhabdomyosarcoma, as defined by the Children's Oncology Group (COG).
colon_polyps_history	Yes/No indicator to describe if the subject had a previous history of colon polyps as noted in the history/physical or previous endoscopic report (s).
comment	A written explanation, observation or criticism added to textual material.
comorbidity	The text term used to describe a comorbidity disease, which coexists with the patient's malignant disease.
comorbidity_method_of_diagnosis	The text term used to describe the method used to diagnose the patient's comorbidity disease.
composition	Text term that represents the cellular composition of the sample.
concurrent_disease	Indicator as to whether the patient is has any significant secondary disease condition(s).
concurrent_disease_type	Specifics of any notable secondary disease condition(s) within the patient
consent_type	The text term used to describe the type of consent obtain from the subject for participation in the study.
contact_type	Need Vocabulary
creation_datetime	The datetime of fraction creation encoded as seconds from epoch.
cross_reference_database_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to  the data repository that cross-references study subject.
cross_reference_database_name	Name of the data repository that cross-references the study subject.
cross_reference_database_url	The URL of the data repository that cross-references study subject.
cross_reference_id	The unique id of the object in cross referencing database that is linked to the study subject.
cross_reference_url	The url the object in cross referencing database that is linked to the study subject.
current_weight	Numeric value that represents the current weight of the sample.
date_of_approval	If applicable, date upon which study was approved.
date_of_birth	The date (and time) on which the biologic entity is born.
date_of_diagnosis	Date of diagnosis.
date_of_histology_confirmation	Date of histology confirmation.
date_of_last_contact	Need Vocabulary
date_of_sample_collection	The date on which the sample or data was collected.
days_to_adverse_event	Number of days between the date used for index and the date of the patient's adverse event.
days_to_best_overall_response	Number of days between the date used for index and the date of the patient was thought to have the best overall response to their disease.
days_to_birth	Time interval from a person's date of birth to the date of initial pathologic diagnosis, represented as a calculated negative number of days.
days_to_collection	Time interval from the date of sample collection to the date of initial pathologic diagnosis, represented as a calculated number of days.
days_to_comorbidity	Number of days between the date used for index and the date the patient was diagnosed with a comorbidity.
days_to_consent	Number of days between the date used for index and the date the subject consent was obtained for participation in the study.
days_to_death	Time interval from a person's date of death to the date of initial pathologic diagnosis, represented as a calculated number of days.
days_to_diagnosis	Number of days between the date used for index and the date the patient was diagnosed with the malignant disease.
days_to_follow_up	Number of days between the date used for index and the date of the patient's last follow-up appointment or contact.
days_to_hiv_diagnosis	Time interval from the date of the initial pathologic diagnosis to the date of human immunodeficiency diagnosis, represented as a calculated number of days.
days_to_last_follow_up	Time interval from the date of last follow up to the date of initial pathologic diagnosis, represented as a calculated number of days.
days_to_last_known_disease_status	Time interval from the date of last follow up to the date of initial pathologic diagnosis, represented as a calculated number of days.
days_to_lost_to_followup	The number of days between the date used for index and to the date the study subject was lost to follow-up.
days_to_new_event	Time interval from the date of new tumor event including progression, recurrence and new primary malignancies to the date of initial pathologic diagnosis, represented as a calculated number of days.
days_to_progression	Number of days between the date used for index and the date the patient's disease progressed.
days_to_progression_free	Number of days between the date used for index and the date the patient's disease was formally confirmed as progression-free.
days_to_recurrence	Number of days between the date used for index and the date the patient's disease recurred.
days_to_sample_procurement	The number of days from the date the study subject was diagnosed to the date of the procedure that produced the sample.
days_to_treatment_end	Number of days between the date used for index and the date the treatment ended.
days_to_treatment_start	Number of days between the date used for index and the date the treatment started.
dbgap_accession_number	The dbgap accession number provided for the study.
demographic_data_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to the demographic_data node.
diabetes_treatment_type	Text term used to describe the types of treatment used to manage diabetes.
diagnosis_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to the diagnosis node.
diagnosis_pathologically_confirmed	The histologic description of tissue or cells confirmed by a pathology review of frozen or formalin fixed slide(s) completed after the diagnostic pathology review of the tumor sample used to extract analyte(s).
disease_response	Code assigned to describe the patient's response or outcome to the disease.
disease_type	The text term used to describe the type of malignant disease, as categorized by the World Health Organization's (WHO) International Classification of Diseases for Oncology (ICD-O).
distance_normal_to_tumor	Text term to signify the distance between the tumor tissue and the normal control tissue that was procured for matching normal DNA.
distributor_reference	Distributor reference number for cancer model.
dlco_ref_predictive_percent	The value, as a percentage of predicted lung volume, measuring the amount of carbon monoxide detected in a patient's lungs.
document_number	Need Vocabulary
ecog_performance_status	The ECOG functional performance status of the patient/participant.
embargo_date	Specifies the embargo date, i.e., the release of information with the condition that it cannot be published or disseminated before a certain date.
end_date	End date of the study.
enneking_msts_grade	The text term used to describe the surgical grade of the musculoskeletal sarcoma, using the Enneking staging system approved by the Musculoskeletal Tumor Society (MSTS).
enneking_msts_metastasis	Text term and code that represents the metastatic stage of the musculoskeletal sarcoma, using the Enneking staging system approved by the Musculoskeletal Tumor Society (MSTS).
enneking_msts_stage	Text term used to describe the stage of the musculoskeletal sarcoma, using the Enneking staging system approved by the Musculoskeletal Tumor Society (MSTS).
enneking_msts_tumor_site	Text term and code that represents the tumor site of the musculoskeletal sarcoma, using the Enneking staging system approved by the Musculoskeletal Tumor Society (MSTS).
environmental_tobacco_smoke_exposure	The yes/no/unknown indicator used to describe whether a patient was exposed to smoke that is emitted from burning tobacco, including cigarettes, pipes, and cigars. This includes tobacco smoke exhaled by smokers.
esophageal_columnar_dysplasia_degree	Text term to describe the amount of dysplasia found within the benign esophageal columnar mucosa.
esophageal_columnar_metaplasia_present	The yes/no/unknown indicator used to describe whether esophageal columnar metaplasia was determined to be present.
ethnicity	An individual's self-described social and cultural grouping, specifically whether an individual describes themselves as Hispanic or Latino. The provided values are based on the categories defined by the U.S. Office of Management and Business and used by the U.S. Census Bureau.
explain_unknown_status	Need Vocabulary
exposure_node_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to the exposure data node.
family_history_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to the family history node.
fev1_fvc_post_bronch_percent	Percentage value to represent result of Forced Expiratory Volume in 1 second (FEV1) divided by the Forced Vital Capacity (FVC) post-bronchodilator.
fev1_fvc_pre_bronch_percent	Percentage value to represent result of Forced Expiratory Volume in 1 second (FEV1) divided by the Forced Vital Capacity (FVC) pre-bronchodilator.
fev1_ref_post_bronch_percent	The percentage comparison to a normal value reference range of the volume of air that a patient can forcibly exhale from the lungs in one second post-bronchodilator.
fev1_ref_pre_bronch_percent	The percentage comparison to a normal value reference range of the volume of air that a patient can forcibly exhale from the lungs in one second pre-bronchodilator.
figo_stage	The extent of a cervical or endometrial cancer within the body, especially whether the disease has spread from the original site to other parts of the body, as described by the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) stages.
file_description	Optional description of the file and its content.
file_format	The specific format of the file as derived by the loader.
file_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to a file.
file_location	Location or Path to file.
file_name	File name as assigned by data submitter.
file_size	Size of the file as derived by the loader.
file_status	Enumerated representation of the status of files.
file_type	Indicator as to the nature of the file in terms of its content.
first_symptom_prior_to_diagnosis	Text term used to describe the patient's first symptom experienced prior to diagnosis and thought to be related to the disease.
follow_up_data	Indicator as to whether follow up data for the patient exists
follow_up_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to the follow_up node.
fraction_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to a specific fraction of a specific sample.
fraction_number	Numeric value that represents the sequential number assigned to a fraction of the sample.
fraction_type	A brief description of the molecular or chemical nature of the sample fraction.
gastric_esophageal_junction_involvement	The yes/no/unknown/not reported indicator used to describe whether the tumor is located across the gastroesophageal junction.
gender	Text designations that identify gender. Gender is described as the assemblage of properties that distinguish people on the basis of their societal roles. [Explanatory Comment 1- Identification of gender is based upon self-report and may come from a form, questionnaire, interview, etc.]
gleason_grade_group	The text term used to describe the overall grouping of grades defined by the Gleason grading classification, which is used to determine the aggressiveness of prostate cancer. Note that this grade describes the entire prostatectomy specimen and is not specific to the sample used for sequencing.
goblet_cells_columnar_mucosa_present	The yes/no/unknown indicator used to describe whether goblet cells were determined to be present in the esophageal columnar mucosa.
gross_tumor_weight	Numeric value used to describe the gross pathologic tumor weight.
growth_rate	Rate at which the model grows, measured as hours to time to split.
height	The height of the patient.
hepatitis_sustained_virological_response	The yes/no/unknown indicator used to describe whether the patient received treatment for a risk factor the patient had at the time of or prior to their diagnosis.
hiv_positive	Text term to signify whether a physician has diagnosed HIV infection in a patient.
hpv_positive_type	Text classification to represent the strain or type of human papillomavirus identified in an individual.
hpv_status	The findings of the oncogenic HPV.
icd_10_code	Alphanumeric value used to describe the disease code from the tenth version of the International Classification of Disease (ICD-10).
igcccg_stage	The text term used to describe the International Germ Cell Cancer Collaborative Group (IGCCCG), a grouping used to further classify metastatic testicular tumors.
in_review	Indicates that the study is under review by the submitter. Upload and data modification is disabled.
index_date	The text term used to describe the reference or anchor date used when for date obfuscation, where a single date is obscured by creating one or more date ranges in relation to this date.
initial_disease_status	The text term used to describe the status of the patient's malignancy when the treatment began.
initial_weight	Numeric value that represents the initial weight of the sample.
inpc_grade	Text term used to describe the classification of neuroblastic differentiation within neuroblastoma tumors, as defined by the International Neuroblastoma Pathology Classification (INPC).
inpc_histologic_group	The text term used to describe the classification of neuroblastomas distinguishing between favorable and unfavorable histologic groups. The histologic score, defined by the International Neuroblastoma Pathology Classification (INPC), is based on age, mitosis-karyorrhexis index (MKI), stromal content and degree of tumor cell differentiation.
inrg_stage	The text term used to describe the staging classification of neuroblastic tumors, as defined by the International Neuroblastoma Risk Group (INRG).
inss_stage	Text term used to describe the staging classification of neuroblastic tumors, as defined by the International Neuroblastoma Staging System (INSS).
institution_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to the institution.
institution_name	The name of the institution in charge of conducting the clinical or research program.
institution_url	The institute URL.
instrument_model	The make of the instrument used for the laboratory procedure. Example- Illumina.
instrument_name	The name of the instrument used for the laboratory procedure. Example- Next Generation Sequencer, Flow Cytometer, Mass Spectrophotometer
instrument_version	The instrument version used for the laboratory procedure.
intended_release_date	Tracks a study's intended release date.
intermediate_dimension	Intermediate dimension of the sample.
international_prognostic_index	The text term used to describe the International Prognostic Index, which classifies the prognosis of patients with aggressive non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
irs_group	Text term used to describe the classification of rhabdomyosarcoma tumors, as defined by the Intergroup Rhabdomyosarcoma Study (IRS).
irs_stage	The text term used to describe the classification of rhabdomyosarcoma tumors, as defined by the Intergroup Rhabdomyosarcoma Study (IRS).
is_legacy	Indicates whether a study will appear in the Legacy Archive.
ishak_fibrosis_score	The text term used to describe the classification of the histopathologic degree of liver damage.
iss_stage	The multiple myeloma disease stage at diagnosis.
karnofsky_performance_status	Text term used to describe the classification used of the functional capabilities of a person.
laboratory_procedure_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to the laboratory procedure
laboratory_procedure_target_type	The specific biological material that is processed by the laboratory procedure. Examples- RNA, DNA, peptide, protein, T cell, Macrophage.
laboratory_procedure_type	A short description of the laboratory procedure. Example- Whole Genome Sequencing, RT-PCR, Flow Cytometry, Immunohistochemistry Assay, Microscopy.
largest_extrapelvic_peritoneal_focus	The text term used to describe the diameter of the largest focus originating outside of the pelvic peritoneal region.
last_known_disease_status	Text term that describes the last known state or condition of an individual's neoplasm.
laterality	For tumors in paired organs, designates the side on which the cancer originates.
ldh_level_at_diagnosis	The 2 decimal place numeric laboratory value measured, assigned or computed related to the assessment of lactate dehydrogenase in a specimen.
ldh_normal_range_upper	The top value of the range of statistical characteristics that are supposed to represent accepted standard, non-pathological pattern for lactate dehydrogenase (units not specified).
longest_dimension	Numeric value that represents the longest dimension of the sample.
lost_to_followup	The yes/no/unknown indicator used to describe whether a study subject was unable to be contacted or seen for follow-up information.
lymph_nodes_positive	The number of lymph nodes involved with disease as determined by pathologic examination.
lymph_nodes_tested	The number of lymph nodes tested to determine whether lymph nodes were involved with disease as determined by a pathologic examination.
lymphatic_invasion_present	A yes/no indicator to ask if small or thin-walled vessel invasion is present, indicating lymphatic involvement
masaoka_stage	The text term used to describe the Masaoka staging system, a classification that defines prognostic indicators for thymic malignancies and predicts tumor recurrence.
md5sum	Md5 checksum.
medulloblastoma_molecular_classification	The text term used to describe the classification of medulloblastoma tumors based on molecular features.
menopause_status	Text term used to describe the patient's menopause status.
metastasis_at_diagnosis	The text term used to describe the extent of metastatic disease present at diagnosis.
metastasis_at_diagnosis_site	Text term to identify an anatomic site in which metastatic disease involvement is found.
method_of_diagnosis	Text term used to describe the method used to confirm the patients malignant diagnosis.
method_of_sample_procurement	The method used to procure the sample used to extract analyte(s).
micropapillary_features	The yes/no/unknown indicator used to describe whether micropapillary features were determined to be present.
mitosis_karyorrhexis_index	Text term that represents the component of the International Neuroblastoma Pathology Classification (INPC) for mitosis-karyorrhexis index (MKI).
mitotic_count	The number of mitoses identified under the microscope in tumors. The method of counting varies, according to the specific tumor examined. Usually, the mitotic count is determined based on the number of mitoses per high power field (40X) or 10 high power fields.
morphology	The third edition of the International Classification of Diseases for Oncology, published in 2000 used principally in tumor and cancer registries for coding the site (topography) and the histology (morphology) of neoplasms. The study of the structure of the cells and their arrangement to constitute tissues and, finally, the association among these to form organs. In pathology, the microscopic process of identifying normal and abnormal morphologic characteristics in tissues, by employing various cytochemical and immunocytochemical stains. A system of numbered categories for representation of data.
necropsy_sample	A sample collected during the surgical examination of a dead body.
neutered_indicator	Boolean indicator as to whther the study subject has been either spayed (female study subjects)or neutered (male study subjects)
new_event_anatomic_site	Text term to specify the anatomic location of the return of tumor after treatment.
new_event_type	Text term to identify a new tumor event.
no_matched_normal_low_pass_wgs	There will be no matched normal low pass WGS aliquots for this case that can be used for variant calling purposes.
no_matched_normal_targeted_sequencing	There will be no matched normal Targeted Sequencing aliquots for this case that can be used for variant calling purposes.
no_matched_normal_wgs	There will be no matched normal WGS aliquots for this case that can be used for variant calling purposes.
no_matched_normal_wxs	There will be no matched normal WXS aliquots for this case that can be used for variant calling purposes.
non_nodal_regional_disease	The text term used to describe whether the patient had non-nodal regional disease.
non_nodal_tumor_deposits	The yes/no/unknown indicator used to describe the presence of tumor deposits in the pericolic or perirectal fat or in adjacent mesentery away from the leading edge of the tumor.
non_tumor_tissue_area	The area within a sample that is represented by non-tumor tissue.
normal_tumor_genotype_snp_match	Text term that represents whether or not the genotype of the normal tumor matches or if the data is not available.
occupation_duration_years	The number of years a study subject worked in a specific occupation.
ovarian_specimen_status	The text term used to describe the physical condition of the involved ovary.
ovarian_surface_involvement	The text term that describes whether the surface tissue (outer boundary) of the ovary shows evidence of involvement or presence of cancer.
overall_survival	Number of days between the date used for index and the patient's date of death or the date the patient was last known to be alive.
pack_years_smoked	Numeric computed value to represent lifetime tobacco exposure defined as number of cigarettes smoked per day x number of years smoked divided by 20.
pancreatitis_onset_year	Numeric value to represent the year that the patient was diagnosed with clinical chronic pancreatitis.
passage_count	Number of passages (splits) between the original tissue and this model.
pathology_report	Indicator as to whether a detailed pathology report upon which the diagnosis was based exists.
patient_status	Need Vocabulary
percent_tumor_invasion	The percentage of tumor cells spread locally in a malignant neoplasm through infiltration or destruction of adjacent tissue.
percentage_stroma	The percentage of stromal tissue in a sample.
percentage_tumor	The percentage of tumor tissue in a sample.
perineural_invasion_present	a yes/no indicator to ask if perineural invasion or infiltration of tumor or cancer is present.
peripancreatic_lymph_nodes_positive	Enumerated numeric value or range of values used to describe the number of peripancreatic lymph nodes determined to be positive.
peripancreatic_lymph_nodes_tested	The total number of peripancreatic lymph nodes tested for the presence of pancreatic cancer cells.
peritoneal_fluid_cytological_status	The text term used to describe the malignant status of the peritoneal fluid determined by cytologic testing.
physical_exam_changes	Need Vocabulary
physical_exam_performed	A boolean variable stating whether or not a physical exam was performed.
pool	Any biospecimen entity where multiple cases, samples or aliquots are combined to produce a reference. Sample pooling is commonly used for determining relative protein abundances in labeling experiments.
premature_at_birth	The yes/no/unknown indicator used to describe whether the study subject was premature (less than 37 weeks gestation) at birth.
preservation_method	Text term that represents the method used to preserve the sample.
primary_diagnosis	Text term used to describe the patient's histologic diagnosis, as described by the World Health Organization's (WHO) International Classification of Diseases for Oncology (ICD-O).
primary_gleason_grade	The text term used to describe the primary Gleason score, which describes the pattern of cells making up the largest area of the tumor. The primary and secondary Gleason pattern grades are combined to determine the patient's Gleason grade group, which is used to determine the aggresiveness of prostate cancer. Note that this grade describes the entire prostatectomy specimen and is not specific to the sample used for sequencing.
primary_site	The text term used to describe the general location of the malignant disease, as categorized by the World Health Organization's (WHO) International Classification of Diseases for Oncology (ICD-O).
prior_malignancy	The yes/no/unknown indicator used to describe the patient's history of prior cancer diagnosis.
prior_treatment	A yes/no/unknown/not applicable indicator related to the administration of therapeutic agents received before the body specimen was collected.
program_acronym	Official acronym for the name of the program as it should be displayed within the UI.
program_external_url	External url to which users should be directed to learn more about the program.
program_full_description	Full length (multiple sentence) version of the program description.
program_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to the program.
program_manager	Name of the program manager from the sponsoring agency.
program_name	Full name/title of the program.
program_short_description	Abbreviated (single sentence) version of the program description.
program_sort_order	Value upon which to arbitrarily prioritize display of the program within the UI.
progression_free_survival	Number of days between the date used for index and the first date the patient is known to be free of disease progression.
progression_free_survival_event	The event used to define the patient''s disease progression.
progression_or_recurrence	Yes/No/Unknown indicator to identify whether a patient has had a new tumor event after initial treatment.
progression_or_recurrence_anatomic_site	The text term used to describe the anatomic site of the progressive or recurrent disease.
progression_or_recurrence_type	The text term used to describe the type of progressive or recurrent disease or relapsed disease.
project_acronym	Official acronym for the name of the project as it should be displayed within the UI.
project_external_url	External url to which users should be directed to learn more about the project.
project_full_description	Full length (multiple sentence) version of the project description.
project_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to the project.
project_manager	Name of the project manager.
project_name	Full name/title of the project.
project_short_description	Abbreviated (single sentence) version of the project description.
project_sort_order	Value upon which to arbitrarily prioritize display of the project within the UI.
project_type	Arbitrary designation of the project to indicate its underlying nature, eg, genomics, proteomics, transcriptomics project, etc.
race	An arbitrary classification of a taxonomic group that is a division of a species. It usually arises as a consequence of geographical isolation within a species and is characterized by shared heredity, physical attributes and behavior, and in the case of humans, by common history, nationality, or geographic distribution. The provided values are based on the categories defined by the U.S. Office of Management and Business and used by the U.S. Census Bureau.
radon_exposure	The yes/no/unknown indicator used to describe whether the patient was exposed to radon.
reagent_description	Name of a key reagent used in laboratory procedure. Example- MiSeq Reagent Kit V2.
reflux_treatment_type	Text term used to describe the types of treatment used to manage gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD).
regimen_or_line_of_therapy	The text term used to describe the regimen or line of therapy.
relationship_age_at_diagnosis	The age when the study subject's relative was first diagnosed.
relationship_gender	The text term used to describe the gender of the study subject's relative with a history of cancer.
relationship_primary_diagnosis	The text term used to describe the malignant diagnosis of the study subject's relative with a history of cancer.
relationship_type	The subgroup that describes the state of connectedness between members of the unit of society organized around kinship ties.
relative_with_cancer_history	The yes/no/unknown indicator used to describe whether any of the study subject's relatives have a history of cancer.
relatives_with_cancer_history_count	The number of relatives the study subject has with a known history of cancer.
releasable	A study can only be released by the user when `releasable` is true.
release_requested	User requests that the data commons release the study. Release can only be requested if the study is releasable.
released	To release a study is to tell the data commons to include all submitted entities in the next data commons index.
report_description	Optional description of the report and its content.
report_format	The specific format of the report as derived by the loader.
report_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to a report.
report_location	Location or Path to report.
report_name	Report name as assigned by data submitter.
report_size	Size of the report as derived by the loader.
report_type	Indicator as to the nature of the report in terms of its content.Examples- Pathology Report, Bioanlaytical Report, Variant Report, Test Result Report, Clinical Report
request_submission	Indicates that the user has requested submission to the data commons for harmonization.
residual_disease	Text terms to describe the status of a tissue margin following surgical resection.
respirable_crystalline_silica_exposure	The yes/no/unknown indicator used to describe whether a patient was exposured to respirable crystalline silica, a widespread, naturally occurring, crystalline metal oxide that consists of different forms including quartz, cristobalite, tridymite, tripoli, ganister, chert and novaculite.
ribosomal_rna_28s_16s_ratio	The 28S/18S ribosomal RNA band ratio used to assess the quality of total RNA.
risk_factor	The text term used to describe a risk factor the patient had at the time of or prior to their diagnosis.
risk_factor_treatment	The yes/no/unknown indicator used to describe whether the patient received treatment for a risk factor the patient had at the time of or prior to their diagnosis.
sample_anatomic_site	Text term that represents the name of the primary disease site of the submitted tumor sample.
sample_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to the sample.
sample_is_ref	A sample entity which is used as a reference sample for determining relative protein abundances in labeling experiments.
sample_laterality	For tumors in paired organs, designates the side on which the specimen was obtained.
sample_type	Text term to describe the source of a sample used for a laboratory test.
sample_type_id	The accompanying sample type id for the sample type.
secondary_gleason_grade	The text term used to describe the secondary Gleason score, which describes the pattern of cells making up the second largest area of the tumor. The primary and secondary Gleason pattern grades are combined to determine the patient's Gleason grade group, which is used to determine the aggresiveness of prostate cancer. Note that this grade describes the entire prostatectomy specimen and is not specific to the sample used for sequencing.
selected_normal_low_pass_wgs	Denotes which low-pass WGS normal aliquot the submitter prefers to use for variant calling. Only one normal per experimental strategy per case can be selected.
selected_normal_targeted_sequencing	Denotes which targeted_sequencing normal aliquot the submitter prefers to use for variant calling. Only one normal per experimental strategy per case can be selected.
selected_normal_wgs	Denotes which WGS normal aliquot the submitter prefers to use for variant calling. Only one normal per experimental strategy per case can be selected.
selected_normal_wxs	Denotes which WXS normal aliquot the submitter prefers to use for variant calling. Only one normal per experimental strategy per case can be selected.
shortest_dimension	Numeric value that represents the shortest dimension of the sample.
site_of_resection_or_biopsy	The text term used to describe the anatomic site of origin, of the patient's malignant disease, as described by the World Health Organization's (WHO) International Classification of Diseases for Oncology (ICD-O).
smoking_frequency	The text term used to generally decribe how often the patient smokes.
software_name	The name of any software application used in the laboratory procedure. Example- NextSeq Control Software version 4.0
software_version	The specific version of the software used in the laboratory procedure.
spectrophotometer_method	Name of the method used to determine the concentration of purified nucleic acid within a solution.
sponsor	Funding agency.
start_date	Start date of the study.
state	The possible states a study can be in.  All but `open` are equivalent to some type of locked state.
status	Specifies if the aliquot is qualified or disqualified for any reason. Usually the data releated to such aliquots are not used in the data analysis.
study_acronym	Official acronym for the name of the study as it should be displayed within the UI.
study_external_url	External url to which users should be directed to learn more about the study.
study_full_description	Full length (multiple sentence) version of the study description.
study_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to the study by the data commons.
study_manager	Name of the study manager.
study_name	Full name/title of the study.
study_short_description	Abbreviated (single sentence) version of the study description.
study_sort_order	Value upon which to arbitrarily prioritize display of the study within the UI.
study_subject_first_name	Study subject's first name, in full.
study_subject_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to the study subject.
study_subject_is_ref	A biospecimen entity which is used as a reference sample for determining relative protein abundances in labeling experiments.
study_subject_source_id	ID by which data owner can uniquely identify a specific study subject, at least within a single study/trial, maintained exactly in the submitter's format. This may or may not be globally unique.
study_type	Arbitrary designation of the study to indicate its underlying nature, e.g. clinical trial, transcriptomics study, etc.
submission_enabled	Indicates if submission to a study is allowed.
supratentorial_localization	Text term to specify the location of the supratentorial tumor.
synchronous_malignancy	A yes/no/unknown indicator used to describe whether the patient had an additional malignant diagnosis at the same time the tumor used for sequencing was diagnosed. If both tumors were sequenced, both tumors would have synchronous malignancies.
taxon	A taxonomic group, such as a species that study_subject belongs to.
therapeutic_agents	Text identification of the individual agent(s) used as part of a treatment regimen.
therapeutic_procedure_id	A unique id assigned by the data commons to the therapeutic_procedure node.
time_between_clamping_and_freezing	Numeric representation of the elapsed time between the surgical clamping of blood supply and freezing of the sample.
time_between_excision_and_freezing	Numeric representation of the elapsed time between the excision and freezing of the sample.
time_between_waking_and_first_smoke	The text term used to describe the approximate amount of time elapsed between the time the patient wakes up in the morning to the time they smoke their first cigarette.
tissue_or_organ_of_origin	The text term used to describe the anatomic site of origin, of the patient's malignant disease, as described by the World Health Organization's (WHO) International Classification of Diseases for Oncology (ICD-O).
tissue_type	Text term that represents a description of the kind of tissue collected with respect to disease status or proximity to tumor tissue.
tobacco_smoking_onset_year	The year in which the participant began smoking.
tobacco_smoking_quit_year	The year in which the participant quit smoking.
tobacco_smoking_status	Category describing current smoking status and smoking history as self-reported by a patient.
total_tissue_area	The total area of a tissue sample.
treatment_anatomic_site	The anatomic site or field targeted by a treatment regimen or single agent therapy.
treatment_data	Indicator as to whether treatment data for the patient exists.
treatment_effect	The text term used to describe the pathologic effect a treatment(s) had on the tumor.
treatment_intent_type	Text term to identify the reason for the administration of a treatment regimen. [Manually-curated]
treatment_or_therapy	A yes/no/unknown/not applicable indicator related to the administration of therapeutic agents received.
treatment_outcome	Text term that describes the patient's final outcome after the treatment was administered.
treatment_since_last_contact	None
treatment_type	Text term that describes the kind of treatment administered.
tumor_code	Diagnostic tumor code of the tissue sample source.
tumor_code_id	BCR-defined id code for the tumor sample.
tumor_confined_to_organ_of_origin	The yes/no/unknown indicator used to describe whether the tumor is confined to the organ where it originated and did not spread to a proximal or distant location within the body.
tumor_descriptor	Text that describes the kind of disease present in the tumor specimen as related to a specific timepoint.
tumor_focality	The text term used to describe whether the patient's disease originated in a single location or multiple locations.
tumor_grade	Numeric value to express the degree of abnormality of cancer cells, a measure of differentiation and aggressiveness.
tumor_largest_dimension_diameter	Numeric value used to describe the maximum diameter or dimension of the primary tumor.
tumor_regression_grade	A numeric value used to measure therapeutic response of the primary tumor and predict patient outcomes based on a three-point tumor regression grading system.
tumor_stage	The extent of a cancer in the body. Staging is usually based on the size of the tumor, whether lymph nodes contain cancer, and whether the cancer has spread from the original site to other parts of the body. The accepted values for tumor_stage depend on the tumor site, type, and accepted staging system. These items should accompany the tumor_stage value as associated metadata.
tumor_tissue_area	The area within a sample that is comprised of tumor tissue.
type_of_smoke_exposure	The text term used to describe the patient's specific type of smoke exposure.
type_of_tobacco_used	The text term used to describe the specific type of tobacco used by the patient.
vascular_invasion_present	The yes/no indicator to ask if large vessel or venous invasion was detected by surgery or presence in a tumor specimen.
vascular_invasion_type	Text term that represents the type of vascular tumor invasion.
viral_hepatitis_serologies	Text term that describes the kind of serological laboratory test used to determine the patient's hepatitus status.
vital_status	The survival state of the person registered on the protocol.
weeks_gestation_at_birth	Numeric value used to describe the number of weeks starting from the approximate date of the biological mother's last menstrual period and ending with the birth of the study subject.
weight	The weight of the patient.
weiss_assessment_score	The text term used to describe the overall Weiss assessment score, a commonly used assessment describing the malignancy of adrenocortical tumors. The Weiss score is determined based on nine histological criteria including the following- high nuclear grade, mitotic rate greater than five per 50 high power fields (HPF), atypical mitotic figures, eosinophilic tumor cell cytoplasm (greater than 75% tumor cells), diffuse architecture (greater than 33% of tumor), necrosis, venous invasion, sinusoidal invasion, and capsular invasion.
well_number	Numeric value that represents the the well location within a plate for the analyte or aliquot from the sample.
width_of_tumor	The longest diameter of a tumor from the pathology examination of a specimen.
wilms_tumor_histologic_subtype	The text term used to describe the classification of Wilms tumors distinguishing between favorable and unfavorable histologic groups.
year_of_birth	Numeric value to represent the calendar year in which an individual was born.
year_of_death	Numeric value to represent the year of the death of an individual.
year_of_diagnosis	Numeric value to represent the year of an individual's initial pathologic diagnosis of cancer.
years_smoked	Numeric value (or unknown) to represent the number of years a person has been smoking.
